Three young women standing in a room together.
What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim?
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
It's you who makes no sense.
European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue
2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
That just isn't how legal reasoning works.
On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing.
Someone is slicing a tomato.
A double decker bus on a city street.
Michigan IS a GOP controlled state.
A person is peeling an onion.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
A bird is eating from a bowl.
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
New glories for China in striving for renewal
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
Crowds Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas
Why Cyprus backs Cameron's push for UK air strikes in Syria
A cat looking at the camera.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups. 
This is the Moloch scene.
A dog closes a refrigerator door.
A dog is trying to get bacon off his back.
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
A young boy is playing a wind instrument.
Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad
Larry Page says Android important, not critical
Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad'
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
The people got off the train.
Hostage drama drags on after Alabama school bus shooting
A dog is catching a fish in a river.
India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore. 
A woman is holding a dancing baby up.
Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms using a knife.
Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash
Martin said, "Why are you following me?"
china is a permanent member of the un security
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
If you asked , progressives, the numbers would be skewed to the left.
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on "dual-use" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism. 
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
A person is kicking a soccer ball back and forth between his feet.
Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident
And the simple fact today?
A car parked in front of train tracks.
Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says
van der merwe suspended geiges' sentence to 5 years imprisonment.
Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash
A girl sitting in a living chair.
Thousands protest gay marriage
Nelson Mandela memorial service
Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
My gosh, I'm the one with the pregnancy ticker.
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan
A dog is jumping in the snow.
Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks
the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 
7.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan: CENC
The man talked on the telephone.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification.
A man is taking pictures of ant.
Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
S Korea opposition candidate closes poll gap
A guy is mowing the lawn.
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india.
Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
A BMX biker rides along the top of a fence.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition
Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout
the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border
@Frank Apisa, Frank, I observe and perceive.
The boy is riding a tricycle.
A man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums.
The horse is running.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
Algerian president in France for medical tests
Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
The woman is tapping her fingers on the table.
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
Yes, it's about dilution.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners
A man in a hat is playing a harp.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
The lady added cheese to the sauce.
Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water.
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
The cow is grazing in a field.
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
The man slced through a thick rope with a sword.
Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissident’s death
Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350
Syria opposition threatens to quit talks
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.
Girls are walking on the stage.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
American flag is waving.
The woman is peeling shrimp.
Attorney General Eric Holder to Resign
the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo. 
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program.
Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus
Greece concerns drag on Asia markets
Two boys are driving.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
I'd hate to be him too.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad
defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia signed the agreement.
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.
Police: Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes?
The girl is riding the horse.
Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank
At least 11 killed in India building collapse
Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film
Reopen Madeleine case, police urge
Amazon launches new device for streaming video
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
Lionel Ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling.
Syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
Egypt's interior minister survives bomb attack
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
Protest against US drone strikes in Pak postponed
A man is lifting a car.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
Snowden asks to stay in Russia
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013
A boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
A soccer player is kicking the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field.
fix?: Islam itself is not political.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
UN Security Council urges Yemen's Houthis to end...
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
The chef poured oil in the pan.
US makes case for action against Syria
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
Boeing airliner crashes in Russian city of Kazan, 50 killed
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
Syrian civil war in photos
Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination
French train passengers tell of crash ordeal
A woman is cutting an onion.
A man is playing guitar.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming. 
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue. 
francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes.
A man is speaking on a phone.
A baby tiger is playing with a ball.
A badger is digging the earth.
California wildfire forces evacuation of homes, university
A group of horses grazing in a field.
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.
Meat is dropped into a pan.
A woman is breading some meat.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
I hope everything is ok!
Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
A woman is peeling a potato.
Jaya Prada all set to join BJP
Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child?
Egypt seeks to lure investors ...
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
a train in a station.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.
Pakistan Shi'ites demand protection from militants
I am OK with MEDICAL use!
Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe
Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies
Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
A badger is digging in the dirt.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
Chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions
A blue train in a mountainous area.
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
Closed roads in Armenia
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
Japan starts hearing on sales tax, ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise
You're "a bunch of cells."
A woman is slicing ginger.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws. 
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.
Alright just got in.
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates
A man is jumping rope outside.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 
Rooney helps Man United beat Everton 3-0 in Premier League
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
the official spoke on condition of anonymity.
A woman is swinging her arms.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
Should I just tell her how I feel?
A cat rapidly swats a kid in the head.
Hugo Chavez: Venezuelan officials for unity
A black dog is running in the grass.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
People ride and paddle a raft.
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia. 
Hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending
Libya closes borders, declares martial law in south
Chris Brown concerts cancelled new
A black and white photo of an old train station.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
A man and a woman are kissing.
New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO
EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
Close up of a bottle of water.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
Obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal: aide
10 Things to Know for Wednesday
A person is dicing an onion.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'
The woman is rolling dough.
Man rowing a boat.
Jesse Jackson Jr., Wife to Plead Guilty to Fraud
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
I'll Have Another wins Preakness
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
A woman is combing her hair.
A woman is coating a pork chop.
How is this slanted against Bush??
Egypt braces for 'Friday of anger' after carnage
Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24
A man spreads butter on a big piece of bread.
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
It's imposing a law.
Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope
Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.
A woman is slicing a potato.
A woman is cutting meat.
A woman is cutting some octopus.
The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
The man erased what the other man had on the board.
Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
A woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces.
Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
A woman is slicing an onion with a knife.
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack
Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
Chinese stocks close higher Thursday
Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty
EU heaps new sanctions on Syria
the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake. 
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
North Korean leader sends 'special envoy' to China
Protests planned across Brazil despite concessions
zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple
N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
a black dog digging through the snow.
Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre
Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
Thanks Candy for starting the thread.
A cat is watching a TV.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
A woman is frying meat.
X'mas cruise passengers hit by Norovirus
A man is cutting a potato.
the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.
a man doing a trick on skateboard
the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years.
Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack
A dog licks a baby.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
A cat is licking its paw.
Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv
A man is hiking.
Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
A man is eating.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
A boy spanks a man with a plastic sword.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
A person is playing a guitar.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
NZ to increase exports to China
Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
A man is cutting up a potato.
Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states
American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
Obama: Patriot missile batteries, troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border
Allen defends self against Farrow's abuse claims
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A dog shaking off water.
A small boy is playing with a dog.
tin foil hat for the dog face, what size do u wear?
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
If so, alot of cops should take presciption drugs.
Boy laying on couch with dog.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack.
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A man is playing a flute.
A baby is crawling happily.
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A person grates a potato into a bowl.
Yeah, I don't think this is that controversial either.
Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership. 
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
A boy is playing in the mud.
but it seems it would have less "impact" if they didn't call him white.
A plane is landing on a runway.
A man riding a white horse.
Three dogs swim in the water.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
Why hate people because they are successful?
Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'
Israel And Hamas 'Accept Temporary Truce'
Two zebras are playing.
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 
Police kill gunman, find 3 more dead in Colo. home
Egyptians vote on constitution change
A person is driving a car.
A dog is looking around
JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty
"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.
Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police
Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base
A man drills wood.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
A woman is chopping some shiso leaves.
A cat is playing keyboards.
A man is playing a guitar.
amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar. 
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
Islamists attack north Mali city after suicide bombings
Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
A woman is exercising.
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon
Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race
A boy runs away from his fishing line.
Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
Obama's day: Prime time on Syria
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
"Being against using nukes" means "not wanting to use nukes".
A man riding a white horse.
China stocks close higher on Wednesday
A woman dances on a stage.
Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote.
China army newspaper hits out at US's PRISM programme
A tiger trys to climb the wall.
A man is moving a tree limb.
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
A man is assembling speaker parts.
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
A man is taking a picture.
If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
A man is breaking water jugs.
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A man and woman are walking together through the woods.
Obama declares health care law is working
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
Two dogs play in the snow.
A woman beats two eggs in a bowl.
TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
PSNI failed RUC officers, tribunal told
Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
Paul did not preach faith without works.
Court orders political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas. 
4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan
a computer on the floor.
A car backs out of a space.
Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria
zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt. 
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30
The girl is on a swing.
Two white cows in a green pasture.
Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid
Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
Algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
Italy to swear in new coalition government
US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
A man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread.
UNICEF calls for immediate safe access to women, children in Homs
NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges
Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death
Across US, people rally for 'Justice for Trayvon'
A woman is doing a joker make up on a man.
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
Horse standing in a field.
A cat is rubbing against a baby.
A woman is swimming.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal. 
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
Someone is frying meat.
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Wednesday
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years. 
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
Saudi airstrikes in Yemen's capital kill 29
Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
Senate to vote on moving ahead on Hagel nod
A person throws a cat on the ceiling.
Russia Destroys Over 75% of Its Chemical Weapons Stockpile
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
Still love this show.
Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2
Who was 'Jihadi John?'
Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse, officials vow
A white airplane is on a runway.
Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel
A man is dancing outside.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
A woman is dancing.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
More factchecking: I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.
the killers escaped.
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
The seagull is floating on the water.
Two dogs run through the brush.
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
Iranian exiles report deaths in Iraq camp
the problem isn't who has money.
Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'
the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image. 
A woman is peeling a potato.
Monty Python to reunite on stage
"In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons."
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
Venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions
A man is playing a piano.
officers have told me its bad for you.
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
North Korea to put US citizen on trial
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
Men are falling into a pool.
Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan
Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120
A dog running through snow.
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
Chinese premier meets Indian vice president
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
Who cares about the Syrian people?
43 killed in bus crash
A woman leading a white horse.
Israel launches new airstrike against Syria
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
He had no intention of apprehending him.
A woman is slicing a red pepper.
The man is seasoning the vegetables.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital
Someone is cleaning a animal.
US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears
A boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
A man is riding a motorcycle.
N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Singapore shares open lower on Friday
Oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister
Search ends for missing asylum-seekers
NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
Religion that does that I have a problem with.
Up to 21, mostly foreigners, killed in Kabul suicide attack
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo
Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms
Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand
And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
Alps attack: Girl returns to UK
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder?
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow
Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence
The headlights on a blue car.
UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed
north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
"Cyclopes don't exist" - fine.
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
Thousands cross Austria-Hungary border
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
So YES, we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity.
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
Red double decker bus with hood open.
Still refusing to answer my questions?
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
A woman is squeezing some cucumber slices.
Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
A woman plays the guitar.
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
A yellow boat on shore.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A boy is walking across a bridge.
Iran hardliners attack nuclear deal
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
the center will formally open in 2009.
Indian PM snubs Commonwealth summit
Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
South Africa's Nelson Mandela Hospitalized
Weiner stays in NYC mayor's race amid new sexting scandal
A man is pouring oil into a skillet.
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
Tata Nano and other Indian small cars fail crash tests
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus
The whole earth combined produces enough food for  billion people.
the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers.
Russia unveils $30 billion oil link to Pacific
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army
The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
A large bird is flying through the air.
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
NATO strike kills 11 Afghan children
Kranjcar leaves it late to rescue QPR against Moses-inspired Stoke
Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
"I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
A man is slicing cucumber with a knife.
Two year doping ban for Contador
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
West hails Syria opposition vote to join peace talks
U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik
12 Dead, Despite Cease-fire in East Ukraine
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
occupied Palestinian territory: Israeli Forces Continue to Shed Palestinian Blood in oPt
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
US Senator Ted Cruz to announce presidential bid
A woman spices some seafood.
A woman is slicing carrots.
So, I am dropping, for now, asking you the question: " Where ' s the Marx " ?
Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers
Different sets of teams are playing football on a field.
A woman is cutting an onion.
China mine accident kills 10
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources
I have the pregnancy ticker.
UN chief presses for major boost in Syrian aid
Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
China court sentences Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce. 
Eight more bodies found on ship
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
Rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade
Iran nuclear talks start in Geneva
NA President‚Äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49
A large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean.
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded. 
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
Live Blog: Ukraine In Crisis
A woman is putting on makeup.
Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan
five people standing on a sidewalk
You purport to value life very heavily.
Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24
A dog is running along the grass.
DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
Please, what about them are not true.
Life-threatening Midwest storms feared
The blue train is at the station.
A woman is swimming.
Indonesian president to visit UK
Er, that's not how dilution works.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
A man is mixing.
Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact
taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing.
China stock index futures close lower -- April 23
Obama to meet Batman gun victims
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
China state news agency: There's still hope for Syria peace
Stocks to watch at close on Monday
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
this further aggravated the situation. 
A man is coming out into the water.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
The one that has three walks home and beats his wife.
Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow
Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
A man is spitting.
If evidence is not provided to support a position; then it should be rejected.
Boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 Dreamliner
Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast
A man laying down and shooting a gun
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
A man is adding pork chops to a pan.
"In  it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?"
Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt
UK Leader Signals Support for Airstrikes on IS in Syria
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
N Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch
Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses
Two men wearing bike helmets.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke
Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.
An orangutan is riding a bus.
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
Algerian government parties dominate elections
A man is singing.
A boy is playing an instrument.
Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
Pakistan PM for deeper economic ties with Sri Lanka
Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care
India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements
A dog is biting a mop.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
A man is writing in a book.
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
Police abandon posts in Lesotho, fear for lives
A man dives into a pool.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
Sony reports record annual loss
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
India's Anti-Graft Party Forms Government in Delhi
I've never accused him of doctoring a baseball.
Ford didn't accept taxpayer money to save the company.
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
The tan horse is in the pasture.
A cat is playing in a box.
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
Greek PM to announce new election
Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision
A young child rides a horse.
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
Deadly Blast Rocks Coal Mine in East Ukraine
A man is cutting open a box.
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.
Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013
A panda bear is eating some bamboo.
Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo
A woman is riding a horse.
A woman is peeling a potato.
Chris Froome rides to Tour de France endgame
A woman is pouring batter into a bowl.
A baby sneezed and scared another baby.
8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt
A man in a library is talking.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
U.S., EU Boost Sanctions On Russia
"This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally," Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
A television with a show on.
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
A person is playing a piano.
Syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in Lebanon
The people got off the train at the station.
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
A girl is playing a flute.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
there is much work to be done.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
Suspected US drone kills 6 militants in Yemen
A woman is playing a guitar.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
Sail boat sailing on the water.
occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians rebuff US peace talks blueprint
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate
South Africans mark ailing Mandela's 95th birthday
the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space. 
A man dives off of a cliff.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.
Japan, S Korean military planes defy China's new defence zone
Red double decker bus driving down street.
A woman boils eggs.
A woman is cutting a tomato.
US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot
A girl is flying a kite.
North Korea proposes high-level talks with US
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45
A man is pouring pasta onto a plate.
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border
But he said EVERY level.
Prince William dons samurai gear on Japan tour
John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
A man in a hat sings a song.
A man is dancing.
Obama and Romney focus on swing-states
Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
Thieves steal Channel swimmer's wheelchair
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
RBA delivers another rate cut
No plan to shut petrol pumps at night Moily
9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day
What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game
"I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else," Parrish said.
A man is karate kicking at another man wearing protective boxing gloves.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
Two women sitting outside laughing.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast
7 killed in attacks in Iraq
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF'' and other slogans, said Sgt. Tom Wright.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
Voracek with the goal.
Iran's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
Senate leaders appear close to US debt ceiling deal
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay
'Whitey' Bulger given two consecutive life terms
Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
the drug is also known as ice or shabu. 
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time
The shirtless man sat in a chair.
I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.
Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
A man is showing his dog to the camera.
A woman is dancing in a cage.
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990. 
Someone is peeling a banana.
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
A man is playing the flute.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
Officials: Romney to get Secret Service protection
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking. 
A woman is sitting at a desk.
Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul
A man rides a water toy in the water.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
UK's Prince Philip hospitalized
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73
A man is riding a bicycle.
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital
A man is drawing.
A man is spitting.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces. 
Jeff Bezos Pays $250 Million For The Washington Post
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
You mean, you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert?
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from parliament
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
Iraqi president in hospital due to health problem
US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
A man is cutting up carrots.
US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
A man  is driving a car.
i don't want a president who 'cares'.
Russians rally against Putin's rule
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
Men and women are different yes?
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan
49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash
A man is running on rope.
Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam
The woman is riding a horse.
Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers
France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
A cat is playing.
Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A man is holding a frog.
Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions
Three dogs playing in the snow.
"It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty. 
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ woops!
Pakistani Taliban names new leader after drone strike
70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
A man crouching and holding a camera.
9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
Except that it wasn't.
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK
An elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan.
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
James Gandolfini dies aged 51
You might not like Obamas views, but he has them.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.
A woman is wake boarding on a lake.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
Key says marae visit a lost opportunity
A man is playing piano.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.
A passenger train sits in the station.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
Five dead in Indonesian eruption
Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
Islam has always been political.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics
Singapore shares open 0.06% lower on Tuesday
A cat swings on a ceiling fan.
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off Indonesia
Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport
A man is playing a guitar.
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
Thoughts on race relations under a black president
A couple slow dances.
Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%
Two people are sailing a small boat.
A man is mixing a bowl.
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
Man Charged After Buckingham Palace Arrest
Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan
China stocks close mixed Friday
A girl is eating a cupcake.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty.
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack
"Would you like to wear your seatbelt?"
Magnitude-6.0 quake jolts Santa Cruz Islands: CENC
A boy is checking a calender.
A girl is playing the piano.
Trees are hit by very hard winds.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
I think we all agree on the nature of the change.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
A man is running across a high wire.
LOL, you are so ignorant.
A dog is barking at an electronic toy duck.
bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.
Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon
A young child slides down an orange slide.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
A man sharpens a pencil using a knife.
Two dogs in a yard.
A man is fishing.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
That's what I find curious.
Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics
US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief
Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs, Awaiting Assad Order
Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
Obama is part of the extreme leftwing.
Israel among top arms exporters in world: report
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
G20 Summit ends divided over Syria
Doctors are trying to revive a man.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
A woman is grating onion.
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
Hamas Urges Hizbullah to Pull Fighters Out of Syria
Putin to win Russia's presidential election
Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
A woman is washing a freezer.
Man held after teen shot in Belfast
Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
U.S. concerns grow about Syria's chemical weapons
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
A man is riding a white horse.
A man is swinging on a rope.
"The Hulk" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
Former England great Tom Finney dies at 91
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform. 
A man is riding a bike.
A man is playing keyboards.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
"There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.
Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
A plane flying near the sunset.
A man is emptying a plastic container.
the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.
British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens
North Korea launches short-range missiles
Backstage Moves Intensify as Fight Against Islamic State Widens
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Mandela back in hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
Pakistan Taliban vows revenge, to repay Hakimullah's killing in bloodshed
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
British PM pushes Sri Lanka on war crimes
Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
A group of men playing brass instruments.
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'
Narendra Modi 'photoshopped' image of Chennai floods visit goes viral
India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16
Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying
Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK
Afghans flock to colleges, even as Taliban loom
Police: Gunman killed 6 in California shootings
Space legend Neil Armstrong dies
A woman holds a kangaroo.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures. 
The woman is dicing onions.
A woman is riding an elephant.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
Senior CPC official meets top DPRK leader's special envoy
You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little.
RI condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
A mostly black train on a track.
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
An animal is walking on the ground.
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
Matt Holliday owns, y'all.
Israel conducts airstrike on Syria
Jordan elected to take Saudi seat on UN Security Council
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
Police arrest suspect in deadly LA driving attack
Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks
Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother
lima is the capital of
Nah, that's not how it works.
A man and woman are Bollywood dancing.
A woman is chopping garlic.
The baby is laughing and crawling.
The dog is barking at the toy.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
The boy fell off his bike.
A man is laying on the ground.
GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows
Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons. 
Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetary
US readies possible solo action against Syria
Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
The lady chopped up the green onions.
Dogs in a race.
kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington. 
Imagine a place with % men and % women.
Friends of Syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of Syrian people
China stocks end lower Thursday
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
Some men are playing soccer.
A man performs on a stage.
USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California
A man and woman are walking.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia‚Äôs X series unveiled
Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'
Chinese shares close higher Friday
Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
A brown dog is running in the grass.
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin
A man is slicing a leave.
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
Not as irritated as you.
Some men are fighting.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A man is riding on a horse.
A young man is dancing.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
A plane is taking off.
A man on a bike in mid-air
A man is carrying another man on his back.
djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years.
Some believe the 'right' is most important.
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe. 
Nelson Mandela's condition improves
Pope hits out at ‚Äėwar to sell arms‚Äô in Syria
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
Some men are skating on the road.
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks
This is not your country.
Two dogs running down a beach.
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring
The lady cut up a green onion.
War in the middle east.
France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid
A group of people are marching in place.
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
JK Rowling launches her first adult novel
Imagine a place with % men and % women.
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins
Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake
French forces seize key town
amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
A woman is rock climbing.
Brazil held by England 2-2 as Maracana re-opens
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community. 
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
Clinton returns to work, plans to testify on Benghazi attack
2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan
Kerry: No deal yet in nuclear talks with Iran
Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco
The puppy played with a blue tennis ball.
I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
The woman is dicing garlic.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener
Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
A man is delivering a lecture at an event celebrating the game of cricket.
A woman slices a fish.
the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
Nirvana is very different than oblivion.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
1000 prisoners escape from Libyan jail
Google shares soar past $1,000 on strong earnings
Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years. 
You didn't mention PFA before that one post.
World's oldest ever man dies aged 116
Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
Mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"
World stocks rise on hopes Fed to keep stimulus
Egypt presidential election May 23-24
Four injured in motorway crash
Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction. 
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
A man plays an acoustic guitar.
A man is playing the piano.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
The problem is simpler than that.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
A horse is running.
The man tased the food.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
a woman with a big necklace.
Pope Francis commemorates dead migrants at Lampedusa
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
Kenya: Pair Arrested By Anti-Terror Police
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
mobile world congress future smartphone
Two kids splashing in the water.
Someone is folding a piece of paper.
Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike
Cars racing on a dirt track
Egypt votes on new constitution
four people are on a boat on green water.
UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
Women to face higher car insurance premiums
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
- wolf I think stories like this are stupid.
US closes embassy in Syria (AP)
A man is giving an interview.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
Obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner
A man is rinsing a large steak.
personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction. 
Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
it is a serious threat to international security. 
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
Obama nominates new transportation secretary
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
Spanish train driver Garzon to be questioned by judge
Ten killed in Russia coal mine blast
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1.
A man is busting concrete.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
Four dogs splashing in the water
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
A woman riding a brown horse.
Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub
"I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative.
Kerry: $4b Palestinian Economic Plan Could Work
A cook seasons some dough.
Search narrowed for missing man
A woman puts a garland over a man's shoulders.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
Two killed in Bahrain car blast
A dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders.
Kenyan police arrest key Al-Shabaab recruiter, financier
A person is slicing a meat into pieces.
2 dead, 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting
An animal run in circles.
Israel downs drone from Lebanon
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Nato troops kill two Afghan children
Stocks rise in early trading
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
China trade returns to surplus in March
Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial
A man and woman kiss.
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
Gunman Among 7 Dead After Florida Apartment Shooting
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
Obama meets with Mandela family
A young woman is playing the flute.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
You claimed Zimmerman " Stalked him down, then shot him ".
4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
The couple danced in the church.
Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction
A man is walking down a sidewalk.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A panda dog is running on the road.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version. 
2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan
A girl is playing a guitar.
Three men are playing chess.
Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally
US bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to Russia
ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator.
French set for Mali ground combat
A toy train strikes a toy car.
A woman is adding oil on fishes.
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize
Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover. 
Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30
A boy is playing a key-board.
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
Two people are walking through some water.
Men and women are dancing slowly.
Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt
Someone fell off a horse.
The man is playing the guitar.
Watch live: US Capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired
White diamond breaks record in Hong Kong auction
Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged in Boston Marathon bombing
An animal is walking on the ground.
A cat is playing a piano.
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
A bear is fighting wolves.
A man severs the toe of an empty leather boot using a sword.
Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.
A man with glasses is talking.
it presents a major threat to global security.
A man is playing a guitar.
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct
A man is skating.
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
A sheep grazing in a field.
Two women in a sailboat.
A man is exercising.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
Israel launches airstrike into Syria
Originally Posted by zaf I give up.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister
A brown dog is running though a river.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
Six dead in Philippine restaurant blast
A South African Airways plane is flying in a blue sky.
A cheetah is running.
Egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
A woman holding a small baby.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus
A man is praying.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
Facebook profits jump as user base expands
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
Do you not understand what the word 'led' implies?
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
Egypt's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities
Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais
I hope everything is ok!
A man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
Mann's work and the HS was all about Tree rings.
Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place
A man is breaking pots.
Polls open in Russian presidential election
Someone is greasing a pan.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you," said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
the meetings lasted 2 days.
FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian.
A squirrel runs around in circles.
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers. 
Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades
Israel doesn't give a ****, accept it.
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey
A woman is cutting a carrot.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
Red sports car racing down track.
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
A man is riding a bike.
Military holds upper hand in Egypt
China news agency: Still hope for Syria peace
Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher
Five People Charged With Terror Offences
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
A person is riding a horse.
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
Bangladesh: Fugitive Sentenced to Death by War Crimes Tribunal
North Korea launches short-range missiles
PM Narendra Modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border
Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win
DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open
A girl makes up her bed.
Hezbollah targets Qaeda gathering along border with Syria
A dog is opening a fridge.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
"That really affects the companies, big time," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
Nato solider dies in Afghanistan
Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv
Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections
A woman is watching television.
People stand outside a bookstore.
Tokyo shares open higher over buoyant U.S. market
Nelson Mandela hospital release reports 'incorrect'
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in east China
A man is playing a guitar.
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
The baby is laughing and crawling.
Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian?
Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
Bombs kill two people, wound dozens at Boston Marathon
A man is dancing.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch
Two women are shopping.
Senate confirms Yellen as Fed head
U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons
Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation
EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group
Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption
zahedan is a city in southeastern 
Syria peace dashed as deadline passes
A man is slicing an onion.
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
Nazi Gestapo chief 'buried in Jewish cemetery'
Three dogs are playing in the water.
A woman with a white horse.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
Egypt sentences Al Jazeera journalists to jail
A man making a bed in a hotel.
Indian stocks open flat
Use of force in defense of person.-A
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial
It doesn't have to be braindead.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
At least 13 killed in triple car bombings in Iraq's Diyala
Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
Whitey Bulger gets life for racketeering, killings
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime. 
"Would you like to pay for others health care?"
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
the iaea report is restricted. 
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'
98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes
Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
A woman is sewing on a machine.
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial
You seem as irritated as Henry.
China police seek eight suspects over crash
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
A woman is slicing some tuna.
A man is kissing a woman in stage.
Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man‚Äôs Death
You should put scientists on a pedestal.
A man puts pieces of meat into a plastic bag.
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
A man is walking along a path through wilderness.
61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.
A car is parking.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
Egypt interior minister survives bomb
The sheep is standing under the trees.
The person is slicing cheese.
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
A woman is frying something.
Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film
Cuba sees "major role" for foreign investment
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
A man skateboards on a half pipe.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday
A cat is rubbing against baby's face.
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years
Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74
Florida The ignorance is yours!
A woman is playing a guitar on streets.
Teenagers among 5 dead in Belgian bus crash
China launches first air-to-air missile from chopper
Racers are running down a track.
A child and parent pet a horse.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
"If you pass this bill," Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose," Ellison said.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan
Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
but okay, ultimate sovereignty?
Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine
the iaea report is restricted.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Ukraine's parliament votes to dismiss president
Israeli leader urges calm in Jerusalem
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
South Korea regrets North's refusal of talks
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
A small bird on a tiny branch.
38 IS militants killed in clashes, air strikes in Iraq
A man is eating.
If you leap up to make a hit, you're getting a penalty.
Chinese satellite spots large object in search area
A panda bear is chewing on a stick.
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
A woman peels a potato.
A person folds a tortilla.
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
Three dead in US marathon bomb
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
A man is playing a flute.
Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon?
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
An elderly man is speaking at a podium.
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question.
A boy is singing and playing the piano.
Why Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
Apple app sends drivers to airport
US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified
Four people are floating on a raft.
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop.
Two women are dancing.
A kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
A man peels an apple.
I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
How do you know which story is the right one?
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
4 killed, several injured in SW China car accident
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
Bomb threat forces evacuation at Princeton
Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
Pak: 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests
Japan closes last nuclear reactor
Jury nullification has NOTHING to do with the Constitutionality of laws.
A woman is playing the violin.
Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation
A woman is writing a letter.
Two men are playing chess.
UN chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in Mali
South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital
Obama to press Congress to act on economy
Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC
A man walks down a staircase.
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
A dog licks a baby.
Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
China treasury bond futures open higher Tuesday
White House, defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts
'Hunger Games' sets box office records
A race horse galloping without a rider.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
China stocks end higher on PMI at midday
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.
Australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling
UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
A person is cutting leaves.
Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan
A woman is applying cosmetics to her face.
A man is fishing in the river.
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china. 
A woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon.
Commodity Expanded Value-Form, .
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset
The point is an unarmed child was murdered.
A close-up of a black train engine.
A cat reclines on an office chair.
We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?
Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite
Egypt shuts down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper
indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases. 
China’s new carrier extends military modernization drive
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.
Russian meteorite leaves building gaping open
What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
A man is walking with several dogs.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
One boy is talking with other man.
Spain's jobless claims hit new high
North Korea says to put US citizen on trial
A woman is walking with a dog.
A woman is chopping octopus.
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons. 
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges
my final word: ignoring has the effect of normalizing.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
Putin casts ballot as Russians vote
At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
Syrian war seen dragging on for years
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
Tokyo shares open higher following strong U.S. performance
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
Romney takes lead over Obama with convention "bounce": Reuters/Ipsos poll
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.
A man riding a horse in slow motion.
Said Mr. Burke: "It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances."
EU extends sanctions against Russia
Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes
Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"
Someone is slicing fruit.
the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program. 
Muslims torch Buddhist temples
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
Man dies in Co Donegal house fire
Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
Two robots are kissing.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
Spain jobless rate hits new high
Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
The brown dog is running across the sand.
A man is cutting a potato.
myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development.
Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve
Suicide Bombers Kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan
"Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world.
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
A man is playing guitar.
Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government
John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
A woman is slicing a carrot.
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake
estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin. 
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21
A man is crying.
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
Peace lies over the South China Sea
Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
A passenger jet flies through the air.
A person crashes on a motorcycle.
Some men are sawing.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
Syrian Rebel Groups Battle Each Other in North
Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention
A woman is carrying a wallaby in a bag.
5.5-magnitude quake hits off Taiwan
A kid plays the guitar.
US ramps up response to Ebola crisis
The man took a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing
A man is holding a animal.
French Socialist Party wins parliament victory
I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder.
Ankara protesters clash with police
Obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A man puts seasoning in a bowl of water.
A woman plays on a flute.
the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing.
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks
A man is playing a guitar.
US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban
A woman covers a piece of meat with flour.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
A man is eating a banana.
Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others
Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan
Qatar's emir hands power to his son
you don't use the search button much, do you?
A person is surfing.
A person is drawing.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean
Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
A large green ball hits a potato.
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
The two dogs are running on the grass.
A man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer.
Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines
A man is leading a horse around by it's halter.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
China expands search area for missing plane
North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
Five people on a sidewalk.
As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
Britain Sees Evidence Assad Could Use Chemical Weapons
A man is playing the trumpet.
No update on Nelson Mandela's condition
Three freed in centre abuse probe
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
Greece to vote on 2013 budget
A man is shooting a pistol.
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?
A man is getting into a car.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
A monkey pulled a dogs tail.
At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France
Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran
Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election
Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks
A person riding a mechanical bull
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
"They ransacked and burned the two villages completely," rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
A person is diving into clear blue water.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
Philadelphia building collapses, 8-10 people may be trapped
Red and white bus driving down road.
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.
WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
Indian finance minister quits to run for president
Israel faces European backlash over settlement plan
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
Can he really make mone from google ad sense.
I guess I pulled it out of the census's rear end in a top hat.
Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes
Do you have anything to make it more compelling?
Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what?
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
KL shares mixed at mid-day
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks
German factory orders rebound in January
it will be hosted by the australian government. 
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
A woman is mixing an egg in a bowl.
Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament
Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video
Hrithik Roshan, wife Sussanne part ways
The woman is waterskiing.
Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
Questions arise over chemical weapons claims in Syria
Egyptians to vote for new president
The man is playing a guitar.
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
Syria opposition agrees to talks
signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato. 
A cat is trying to touch a dog.
North Korea shuns offer of talks
Libyans transfer weapons to army
A man is talking.
A dog runs in the snow.
A dog is walking around a pool.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A man is lifting a barbell.
the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.
Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison
A man plays a keyboard.
A person is petting a monkey.
morals do not exist, so technically nothing can be morally wrong.
Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester. 
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners
Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
A woman is peeling a tuber.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
A woman rides an elephant.
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
Turkey 'exploits' Syrian refugees
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls
Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage
Two Palestinians die in attacks on Israelis ahead of Kerry visit
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
Worker dies at World Cup stadium
Ex-first lady Barbara Bush leaves Texas hospital
A woman tosses a cat in the air, and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling.
Death toll in Nepal earthquake tops 8,000
A kangroo is eating something.
A woman is riding a horse.
2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.
A dog is watching a store counter.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
tin foil hat for the sarg, what size do u wear?
A man is peeling potato.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'
ALTHOUGH SATELLITE INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB ARE ONLY T./
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan
A woman walks her dog down the street.
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
A man is taking out the insides of a green pepper.
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar.
Someone is seasoning eggs.
Iraq Backs Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters
Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine
the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.
"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic," Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
Syria military police chief defects to rebels
The problem is simple.
A group of people are dancing in concert.
Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
Sylvester Stalloneâ€™s son, Sage Stallone, found dead in Hol
Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage
What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl.
China welcomes US, Russia deal on Syria chemical weapons
A woman is playing a flute.
Obama orders Syria 'gas attack' inquiry
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: At Least Six Dead
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India
Australian PM confident sounds are from Flight 370
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks
A group of couples are dancing.
Higher than  per cent but not very high.
Indian minister killed in head-on collision
A man is playing a trumpet.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'
A man is playing drums.
Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary
Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
"I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law," he said.
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17
Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340
Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
Paper is being cut with scissors.
'Large and extremely dangerous' tornado heads towards Oklahoma City
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.
Central African Republic president overthrown by rebels
Furthermore I found this: So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
A sheep standing in a forest.
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
Three children in a ball pit.
Chinese president meets Indian vice president
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole for Russian GP
Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
EU slaps sanctions on Assad family
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
Z stalked him down, then shot him.
A doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own.
A young man is singing and playing the piano.
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
The bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl.
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
the osce meeting lasted two days. 
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
The girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill.
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
India accuses China of crossing de facto border
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.
Thai opposition announces election boycott
Originally Posted by zaf We in Britain think differently to Americans.
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
Egypt's Brotherhood stands ground after killings
Storm delays start of Republican convention
A dog swims in the water.
A man is playing a guitar.
A couple are walking.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
The man played his guitar.
spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe.
Police stop Maldives presidential election
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
There is no war in the Middle east.
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?
the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
SC dismisses govt's review plea in Vodafone tax case
A person is slicing an onion.
What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
'War crime': U.N. finds sarin used in Syria chemical weapons attack
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
Proverbs  John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.
A woman is making a bed.
At least 100 dead as typhoon batters Philippines
Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally
Use of force by aggressor.
russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe.
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy. 
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
A man removes a couple of toaster scrambles from a plastic packet.
3 suspected extremists were released on bail. 
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series
Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban
The Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur'an.
Pilot killed as US jet crashes in England
Lara plans visit to Nepal
Strong earthquake in western China kills 47 people
David Beckham Retires From Football
Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it
Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break, murder, says prosecution
You are a girl douche.
The man sat in his suit and smoked.
Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2
A woman is slicing some onions.
Russians leaving Syria cross into Lebanon
Two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool.
S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster
Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
23 killed in Iraq car bombings
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
Suicide bomber kills policeman in Pakistan
A woman is slicing tomato.
Iran, world powers begin new round of nuclear talks
A double decker bus on a city street.
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
Putin sworn in as Russian president
The bomb exploded in the desert.
Micronesia vice president to visit China
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
Mandela spends third day in hospital
A man is playing two keyboards.
Sometimes I fantasize about having power.
in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program.
Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent
Bailout terms prompt run on Cyprus banks
China sets Bo Xilai trial date
A dog rides a skateboard.
Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
I didn't say we had gotten soft since / Rand.
A man is playing keyboard.
The man is playing the guitar.
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote
Two dogs are running on the grass.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
Briton among dead in Kabul suicide attack
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.
Indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15
Hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect
Romney Promises to 'Restore America'
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
"What can I say to you?" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
'Blade Runner' Pistorius to dispute murder charge
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic. 
a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium. 
A man and woman is dancing in the rain.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali
A man is slicing a cucumber.
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
The woman is playing the violin.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali
A woman slices a lemon.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic.
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited.
Suspected drug lord known as ‘El Taliban’ held in Mexico
A woman is dancing in the rain.
A woman is ridint a horse.
A woman is peeling a potato.
"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," Bush said.
A dog runs through the grass.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
A woman is riding a horse.
Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy
A woman swims underwater.
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
A man is playing the piano.
When is Prince George's christening? Baptism plan, royal baby's godparents and all the details
Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks
Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On
People flip into a swimming pool.
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only. 
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
P.G. police seeking driver in crash that killed child
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon.
Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, 5 people detained
If a position is unverifiable; then it should be rejected.
The men are performing on stage.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
Stolen skulls found in home museum
The dog ran in the water at the beach.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
A woman is doing her hair.
The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority.
A deer jumps a fence.
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
UK: 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge
A man playing a video game in a store.
Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks
More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Mr Jordan said.
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT  HOURS.
Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn
Journalists hail London Olympics opening
Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference
Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
Opinions are different.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
"But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm."
the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire.
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
the problem is who doesn't have money.
No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay
Do you see Obama calling for regulation reform?
Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
East German rights activist Gauck elected president
The Latest on Severe Weather: 1 Dead in Texas After Tornado
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense.
Armstrong steps down from Livestrong
South Korean workers set to leave joint factory zone
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore.
Facebook earnings jump 63% as mobile ads accelerate
Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
Shankill blast victims to be remembered
Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims
A car is backing out of a blocked lane.
A man is playing a guitar.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
A man plays a guitar.
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
Mandela's condition has 'worsened over past 48 hours'
Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay
James : says faith without works is dead.
A woman is reading a lifestyle magazine.
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen
Mandela spends third day in hospital
A woman is cutting an onion.
Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest
Many killed in Syrian air strike
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya. 
Religion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
California wildfire: 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage (+video)
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
Chaos is merely people voting.
Deal reached on new Italian government
A man climbing a cliff face.
Two dogs swim in a pool.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
Chuck Close We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash
Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade
Britons released after kidnapping in Egypt's Sinai -sources
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
The people had awakened.
suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore.
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
"It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case," Sax added.
North Korea shoots 2 rockets
Rangers voted into third division
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
A man is playing piano.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
Turkish PM Erdogan says "duty" to order crackdown on Istanbul park protest
The woman is dicing garlic.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic
A group of people in a living room.
A woman is doing weight exercises.
A girl running is flying a kite.
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut
A man is cutting and onion.
Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump
Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum
Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding
A little bird floating in the water.
It's official: Deal reached on "fiscal cliff"
"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A woman is abusing her child.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
West Ham beats Newcastle 2-0 in Premier League
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
A baby is laughing.
A girl is putting on makeup.
Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
Redskins trade for No. 2 pick
7 Things to Know About Ethanol
A woman is riding her bicycle.
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
a black dog swimming through a river.
A man and woman are walking through the jungle.
the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty.
A woman is slicing up some meat.
Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year
during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded.
Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution
A woman is water skiing on a lake.
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial
A man is riding a motor scooter.
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
zabol is a town in southeastern iran. 
There's no chance of a fair trial.
China stocks open lower Friday
Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad
A panda slides down a slide.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
The men are playing soccer.
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics
runs victim down Got any proof?
Hundreds fall sick in Bangladesh factory
the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies.
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
A man is cleaning a glass door.
India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword.
A man makes a call on a cell phone.
Singapore shares open 0.19% higher on Thursday
A man cut a tree with an axe.
Merkel pledges NATO solidarity with Latvia
Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
The woman is thinly slicing a cucumber.
A woman is eating something.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
Sensex down 193 points on budget blues
Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.
the meeting was 3 days long. 
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A squirrel is spinning around in circles.
A child holds a yellow balloon.
A small black dog is in the grass.
Breivik gets 21-year sentence
A man sprays another man with water from a hose.
Nigeria Votes in Tight Presidential Election
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
A woman peels a potato.
many of the attacks originated abroad. 
The animal is eating.
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
A woman is slicing pumpkin.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013
BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
No winners in a war of sanctions
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
UN Rights Chief Presses Egypt on Morsi Detention
Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
A man is playing a violin.
A monkey is karate kicking at someone's gloved hand.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is peeling a potato.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
Two cartoon rabbits are kissing.
A man is eating wood.
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India
A woman is cutting an onion.
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
Freedom of speech has consequences!
New rules for US Secret Service
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
A small animal is chewing on a finger.
A baseball player hitting the ball
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.
In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years.
Turkey unrest: Unions call for strike over police crackdown
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
A women standing next to a brown cow.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
A group of people having a drink.
Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
A tan puppy being petted.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
A woman is slicing partially into half of an onion.
Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash
Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
Romney wins Florida Republican primary
A man is putting papers on a dish.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
Gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout
1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting
iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.
Foreign exchange rates in India
Fallen US firefighters brought home
Assembly meets amid Chavez crisis
Kosovo: 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
Pressing one does send a tone.
What makes India vote? Jaipur Lit Fest debates
Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
Maldives team in India to observe an election
lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.
A passenger train coming into a station.
Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
A man is playing a guitar.
Maldives holds fresh election for president
Turkey president appeals for calm
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
A man is running on the road.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
The man is shooting a gun.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
Two cats are fighting each other.
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Alleged cop killer died from gunshot
Musharraf arrested in Pakistan
Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath?
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't.
china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.
Where does the money come from in the first place?
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.
A group of guys play instruments outside.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
China's new PM rejects US hacking claims
A monkey is riding on a bus.
The man is riding a horse.
India Braces for Massive Cyclone
A band is playing instruments.
if you could kill one person to save four, would you?
Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
Militants attack UN as Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president
Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place
Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
Narendra Modi pledges tough stand against Pakistan
A brown dog running through the woods.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia
Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy
A dog is looking into swimming pool.
Well, whatever, you are now.
dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
A man riding a white horse.
Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
Algeria hostage death toll rises
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
Politicians in flag violence talks
A woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book.
- Admin DrPizza and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
Facing Bailout Tax, Cypriots Try to Get Cash Out of Banks
Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview
Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims
A man is playing a keyboard.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
A woman is chopping up garlic.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
Egypt court orders Mubarak freed
Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91
Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
Presidential vote polarises Egyptians
Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
Fresh rain brings more flooding
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
'Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash
Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency
A woman is peeling shrimp.
A woman is feeding a man.
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan
Two brown dogs running together on sand
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.0 bn
The dog is standing at the counter.
Philadelphia building collapses; reports of people trapped
Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
A boy is playing key board.
Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood
South Korea to boost nuclear power?
What are they trying to hide?
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan
A small boy playing in the snow.
A woman splashes around in the ocean's waves.
Protests at Pussy Riot verdict
A train on the train tracks.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
The man is talking on the phone.
6.0-magnitude quake hits Greece -- USGS
Explosion near Damascus military airport
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
Thai protesters launch Bangkok 'shutdown'
World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
a dog napping under a small table.
the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections. 
Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress
Two people flipped tractor tires in a race.
Butler to be tried in "Vatileaks" case
U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law
A man guts a fish.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
A train on the train tracks.
Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners
Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.
A group of people get off a train.
I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A person is stirring rice.
A rabbit is kissing another rabbit.
A man is playing a piano.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
China lands robot rover on moon
A man is paddling a canoe.
'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'
A woman is peeling a potato.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish.
activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity. 
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Do you see Obama calling for Cut, Cap and Balance?
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
A man is folding a piece of paper.
Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan
Two foxes are eating from a plate on a brick patio.
Stocks to watch on Monday
Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in
Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands
Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
A woman is slicing a tomato.
Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting
Obamas to meet Mandela family wont visit hospital
Spain approves new restrictive abortion law
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
A woman is boiling noodles in water.
Man killed in French terror raid
A man is rowing a boat.
A baby elephant is eating.
"The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS
Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
University of Florida frat accused of spitting on wounded war veterans
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.
Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces.
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
A bear is running from two dogs.
Israelis, Palestinians resume talks in US
Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
India Ink: Image of the Day: January 27
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
IAEA, Iran to hold first nuclear talks since Rohani election
6.3-magnitude earthquake hits Taiwan
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.
A woman brushes some shrimp.
A man is mowing grass.
A woman is cutting a lemon.
unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.
China's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday
World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline
Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy?
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty. 
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
A man is singing.
Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup.
Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
A chef is peeling a potato.
Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
A man is shooting off a gun.
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow," added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics
Two buses parked on a street.
A person on a snowmobile.
An airplane facing the camera.
Someone is scratching an animals belly.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday
It means its AN option.
US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
"I really liked him and I still do," Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks
Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM
A computer operating on a desk.
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague
Judge enters not guilty plea for James Holmes
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
from the year prior.
Stocks inch higher in early trading
the international community should modernize and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations. 
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
Ukraine's jailed opposition icon Tymoshenko walks free
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights I use lettuce too.
6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia
the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment. 
300 potential Jimmy Savile victims: police
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
A man is eating a slice of pizza.
Romney wins Illinois primary
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe. 
Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later
Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates
UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre
Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
Queen visits London soldier attack scene
Usain Bolt wins 200m – Steven Howard reaction
Egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities
A man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
You're such a bad person!"
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
France to ban child beauty pageants
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed
The woman is shooting a rifle.
A man climbs up a rope.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
The new study does not support your claim.
Egypt swears in new interim leader
Students take a ride on airwaves
Two trains are traveling on the track.
9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa
Islamists attack Malian troops in Gao
Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
U.N. to take up Syria resolution
The man is drawing.
A woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board.
A person is adding chili powder to chili with beans.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast
Israeli ex-spy boss: no trust in leadership over Iran – video
A woman is exercising with a barbell.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
A woman cuts up a vegetable.
Play With Fire We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
Three bottles are on a table.
Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy returns to stir up election
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts. 
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.
I don't see Obama as the lesser of two evils.
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%
drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...
A golden dog is running on the grass.
A woman is stirring rice in a pot.
Girls are walking on the stage.
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source
Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School
NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS.
A person pours oil on a skillet.
Australia creates world's largest marine reserves
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
A lion is walking around.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
A man is punching through boards.
france provides the rockets, guns and engines. 
Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings
Egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
Japan PM dissolves lower house for election
Diana and Fayed death info received new The deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information.
A cat is playing.
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
Miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
sharia is islamic law. 
slanted blogs And when did I do that?
Egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria
Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi
Syria's tenuous truce takes hold
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
Start of San Fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by Basque flag
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13
Fern I think stories like this are stupid.
A man is firing a shot gun.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
Man sleeping on the street.
depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda.
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
Death toll rises to 6 as Storm Xaver batters northern Europe
Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest
US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in Hollywood
Black train on train tracks.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
A panda bear is eating.
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
A woman is doing ballet.
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.
Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain
many of those executed in iran are hanged in public. 
officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe.
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil
If I'm hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans..
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
A woman is cutting shrimps.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
Now, militants battle Pakistani police
French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders
Allen responds to Farrow's abuse claims in letter
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Journalists smuggled out of Homs
Libyans begin handing in weapons
China stocks open lower Friday
A man and a woman laughing.
Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
The girl applied face makeup to a man.
A woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests
"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud," prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks. 
A cartoon chef is flipping pancakes.
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll
Polls close in Egyptian presidential election
Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage
Observatory says Russian air strikes kill 45 in Syria
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
And I'm your friend Mitt.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
At least 6 dead in Paris train crash
The lady put the baby int a trashcan.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
Obama to meet families of shooting victims
George W Bush weighs into immigration debate
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
A woman is putting on makeup.
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork.
2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election
Egypt 'freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'
A man is eating a banana by a tree.
Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
Thai political protests paralyse more ministries
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
A lion is walking.
Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.
the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws.
syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program. 
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
A man is slam dunking a ball.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
china is an important force for safeguarding world peace. 
A man is smoking.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
What the Papers Say, Mar. 12, 2013
Someone is cracking an egg open.
Obama team raises debate stakes
Oklahoma examines what went wrong in botched execution
U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
Egypt votes in new constitution
A man is cutting an onion.
Hurricane Sandy moves towards US
Rupert Murdoch: I was the victim of a cover up
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
Being drunk is unacceptable.
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
Hong Kong student leaders mull protest retreat
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
this is particularly true in the poorest countries. 
A man lifts weights.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks
Two are trapped as US building collapses
If they were Jews, I would call them Jews.
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
A baseball player throws the ball.
Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.
A woman is swimming in the water.
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen.
Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
The man is dancing.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
A man is slicing a potatoe.
He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry?
So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?
What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013
A person is peeling a potato.
Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill
Iran, atomic agency in first talks since Rowhani election
A woman peels a potato.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
China launches first moon rover mission
Thousands protest gay marriage
Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty
A person is slicing an onion.
A dog is chasing a ball.
Nadal through to seventh French Open final
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
World News Update, what you need to know
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
North Korea's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
New Jersey School Bans Hugging
Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades
A woman is cutting meat.
A dog runs through the grass.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down
Two dogs play with purple football.
Warm , maybe record.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
A woman is sitting at a desk.
Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai
Johnson re-elected London mayor
Okla. inmate dies of heart attack after botched execution
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement
Warren David Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District.
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty. 
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a flute.
France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons
Indian stocks open lower
Protests continue in Brazil
Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
A black train moves down the tracks.
Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan
Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder
Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election
the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
The man is up in the air.
A man is playing a keyboard.
kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
A cat is playing a piano.
A man riding a small bicycle.
India starts voting in world's largest election
Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries
Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
abuja is the capital of 
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
A cat is spun around by a ceiling fan.
Palestinian official slams Israel's stone-throwing bill
and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Palestinian president wants Israelis to talk peace
Thai protests escalate amid violence
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A girl is jumping onto a car.
A monkey is swinging from limb to limb.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty
A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
A person is cutting a potato.
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
A cat is licking from a saucer of milk.
Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
Two dogs bound across the grass.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
Obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union
the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week.
A dog is barking at a toy.
Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier
The boy played his trumpet.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat
A man is playing a violin.
Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'
Five Killed in Blasts in India
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
A woman is cooking shrimp.
Russia, Syria Work on 'Concrete' Chemical Weapons Plan
A man runs with a truck.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
Topless Women Protest Against Berlusconi As He Votes In Election
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Two robots share a kiss.
People step off a train.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
Prince William of Britain arrives in Beijing
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
What is a girl douche?
Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
"It has outraged the membership," said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology. 
Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Mandela hospitalized, responding to treatment
US government shutdown begins - live updates
Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
Today in History, April 23
A person is frying a meat in the pan.
Gunshots, explosions rock Thai protest day ahead of polls
A woman is grating carrots.
A woman cuts a pink loaf with a knife.
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday
Two cows graze in a field.
A woman is cutting meat into pieces.
government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective. 
A person is frying.
Pakistani girl shot by Taliban appears on video
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
A cat looking out of a window.
Belarus tightens security along the border with Ukraine
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
A man peeled a potatoe.
police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects. 
School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
Someone is cutting a tomato.
A woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl.
A guy is playing a trumpet.
Two people are riding a motorcycle.
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council
antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty.
AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks
A woman jumps hurdles on a horse.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation
Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery
Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack
The woman picked up the kangaroo.
after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran.
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
Iran dissidents 'killed in Iraq'
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
Woman is adding sugar to meat.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013
Cryptic crossword - Saturday 27th April
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools Amid Killings
Two teams are playing soccer.
Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem
Zebras are socializing.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan
general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency. 
many of the people executed are hanged in public.
Egyptian boat crash death toll rises as more bodies found in Nile
Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics.
opium is the raw ingredient for heroin. 
A monkey is swinging from tree to tree.
U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria
Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
A man is holding a frog.
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor
Killer may have filmed France school shooting
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
That's what the historical record shows.
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike
A race care driving along a dirt road.
JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty
Indonesian president to visit Australia
Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
There is no "WAR" in the middle east.
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
N Korean ship carrying Cuba missiles seized
&gt;Cuba's Castro assumes CELAC presidency
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.
Markets Live: China drags
Egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protesters
A little boy is playing a guitar.
Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
A person is slicing some meat.
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information. 
Shooter charged with murder of US black teen
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS
Ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis
Piers Morgan Interviewed by Police in Hacking Case
Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'
. Sinful people do not get to heaven.
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
A woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water.
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
A woman cuts up broccoli.
Three dogs run through a field.
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan
A person is peeling a potato.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
Red double decker bus with hood up.
variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from belgium; rockets, guns and engines from france; brake systems from italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies. 
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service
Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah.
A woman is making some food.
Russian parliament to consider ban on U.S. adoptions
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program. 
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
The man is putting chicken into the container.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
Israel agrees to 12 hour ceasefire
A man ties his shoe.
Iran reiterates support for Iraq, Syria
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
Two men are dancing.
6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking. 
Three Afghans killed in suicide attack
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal.
A rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit.
Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day
Stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
Teenager kills 8 in knife attack
A person is folding a square paper piece.
Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus
Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
Cuba's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency
a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.
What if they had a personal bias?
Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
Israel's Peres calls for return to peace talks
A train traveling down the tracks.
The man cut a paper plate.
East Timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings
Libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms
United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
A man is doing push-ups.
A plane flying at a distance.
Wall Street ends slightly lower
Vice President of Bolivia to visit China
The cats are playing with each other.
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
Hundreds of Bangladesh clothes factory workers ill
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
A man is playing the piano.
A woman is slicing egg plant.
A man is riding on a horse.
'No Evidence' In Afghanistan Massacre Case
A passenger train waiting in a station.
syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility.
lugar and nunn are senators. 
Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
A man is cutting a paper.
I hope your LO is ok.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient. 
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
A man is playing a guitar.
China manufacturing expands in September
A woman is cutting an onion.
China treasury bond futures close mixed Wednesday
"These are dark days for our industry," the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
George Zimmerman Verdict Propels Cable News Into Talkradio Mode
Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey
China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
Magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off Solomon Islands: USGS
A woman is exercising her abs.
Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial
A man is opening a box using a knife.
Bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580
And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring
Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party
Obama mourns death of icon Nelson Mandela
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan
A man is dancing on the ceiling.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
Apple revenue misses again, iPhone disappoints
What is the nuclear option?
The monkey scratched his tummy.
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
A man plays a wooden flute.
The woman is peeling lemon.
Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke
Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals
A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl.
Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Prince's christening a blend of old and new
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament.
Carney sets high bar to changes at Bank of England
As to would I kill  person to save , I have no idea.
Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan
Saudi-led airstrikes hit Yemeni capital
A red bird is perched in a tree.
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'
3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident
India's first post office savings bank ATM inaugurated in Chennai
Five killed by bomb blast in East India
Driver backs into stroller with child, drives off
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems. 
Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial
A girl loses her kite.
The entire thing just makes no sense.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
A man removes food from a bag.
the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.
I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."
Two dogs running through tall grass.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
I purport to value human life very highly.
Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board
A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk.
Turkish police fight protesters, clear square
A woman is squeezing a lemon.
detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police. 
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.
Who abandoned 3 Boeing planes at the airport?
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS
Oh, little town of Bethlehem — for real
US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan: officials
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
Israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge
What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013
a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for 
President Mills must quit - Lecturer
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
The military officer barked at the recruits.
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
A dog chases another by a tree.
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
Donna Summer, the queen of disco
8 dead, 11 missing in SW China landslide
A tiger is walking around.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Aust stocks open lower
Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote
"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.
A woman is lying in a raft.
US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan
What is your definition of "life"?
If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon
A monkey pulls the tail of a dog.
Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands.
I know I'd hate to be him.
A dog is barking.
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales
Weak earnings drag stocks lower
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut
A man is running on rope.
Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5
String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32
Murder claim over Diana's death New information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered 
one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional.
CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
Seven peacekeepers killed in Sudan's Darfur
David @OmSigDAVID, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.
God probably does not exist.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
Girl accused of burning Koran bailed
Thai protesters block polling stations in Bangkok
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists
Urgent: Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112
Zimbabwe: Mugabe declared winner in disputed vote
He hasn't been funny in years.
East Timor votes in presidential election
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison. 
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
S As you wish: Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
Two boys on a couch are playing video games.
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
A boy plays a piano.
Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Red double decker bus driving down street.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
A man plays a guitar.
Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy
Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
Philippe becomes king of Belgium
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.
A man playing the guitar.
china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes.
Egypt's interim president appoints 2 advisors
Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
A little girl on a kid swing.
A man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife
A man rides a horse.
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history
Three children playing on the floor.
@cicerone imposter, Frank, I observe and perceive.
vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan
China's Wen promises job creation
Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup
Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?
A dog walks on the beach.
2 of the individuals arrested were released. 
A young boy is holding a guitar.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.
Three boys are dancing.
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague
Someone slices a bottle with a sword.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
A girl is playing a piano.
Actor Gazzara dead at 81
A man plays the guitar.
A man is slicing a potato.
france is a leader in the european space agency.
Tokyo shares open higher tracing U.S. gains
More than 30 striking miners killed
Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
It's not imposing morals.
A man is holding a leaf.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
A woman is cutting potatoes.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack
A man is playing the drums.
Two boys are playing in the beach.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
Mob kills man for burning Quran
Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks
A brown and white dog running on grass.
Air strikes wound civilians in Syria's Deraa
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
The man played his guitar.
Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash
Obama pledges to reignite economy
Black train on train tracks.
I hope this is nothing.
A man is walking on a rope.
"Gorgons don't exist" - fine.
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
"What does pressing the number one do?"
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
Mandela remains in hospital
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
A woman is dancing on a stage.
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.
Two girls talk on the phone.
Brown dog splashing into the water.
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election
A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.
A man is cutting a snake to cook.
A man is playing the guitar.
A rhino is grazing in a field.
the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea. 
China, India vow to further bilateral ties
A man is spinning.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers
Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
Quake of 6.2 magnitude strikes off Indonesia's Sumatra - USGS
Snowden's father arrives in Moscow
A woman is peeling a potato.
Manchester City win English Premier League title
Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday
A man is playing the guitar.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
The Infestation posts.
A woman is cutting up a chicken.
A rat like creature is smelling around.
World unites for Mandela memorial
A woman is cutting an onion.
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
I think he'd be better for American business interests overall.
A little boy is playing a guitar.
Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder
A woman poses with a baby.
Asian markets gain on upbeat US economic data
A man is playing the flute.
Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal?
Mali's President Hands in Resignation
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
A girl is playing a violin.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
two puppies playing around in the grass
Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign
Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia
India bans bulk texts after riots
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.
Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
5.0-magnitude quake jolts Japan
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
A baby is laughing and crawling on the floor.
God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
Someone is sitring noodles in water.
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot.
People sitting on acouch.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia.
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit
A man is playing a flute.
6 dead, 33 hurt in Cotabato blast
A man is playing a guitar.
nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
Black and white cows behind a fence.
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release
WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The man is walking.
Tech Sector Heats Up: Google and IBM Post Strong Earnings
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
don't want a president that is compassionate.
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.
A youngster is sitting on a piano.
Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts
A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep.
N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
Two females jump off of swings.
Someone is handling a bun.
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
Are you driving a fucking Volt?
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympics
Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.
Putin spokesman: Doping charges appear unfounded
Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
A man is playing his guitar.
Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt
A man is dancing.
Obama is extreme and leftwing.
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47
It's imposing a law.
Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot.
A woman is playing a guitar.
Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
Bomb explodes at Athens shopping mall, 2 wounded
Tsunami warning after Aceh quake
the osce meeting was held in madrid.
Miss New York is crowned Miss America
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
A baby is playing with a doll.
Democracy is a threat to liberty.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
A woman is feeding her baby with a bottle.
"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
Norway marks anniversary of massacre
Avengers sets box office record
At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash
A  man is dancing.
Israeli teens missing in West Bank
That's not the Moloch scene, though.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
John Boehner: from humble origin, fiscal cliff may be his undoing
Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark
43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
A man rides off on a motorcycle.
Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip
Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91
Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation
Palestinians 'hit' by Israeli fire in Gaza
Bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
A woman is feeding a man.
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
A man is buttering a piece of bread.
@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
Islamist parties in Egypt unite for elections
Thai protesters storm army headquarters
north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria. 
UN Chief Finds His Voice, Remains Cautious on China
Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate
Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid
South Africans mourn, celebrate Mandela
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
France warns Syria over chemical weapons use
Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
7 killed, 3 injured in south China road accident
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.
The men are playing cricket.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
Three dogs are playing in the water.
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries
A woman is slicing an onion.
Parked white double decker bus.
A dog in in a car.
Who makes money off google ad sense?
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
a woman with a viking hat on.
Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
Senate Judiciary Committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
Someone is playing a piano.
The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
Mandela in Hospital for 3rd Day
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
No healthy person needs gambling.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
For first time in history, Technion to teach engineering in Russia
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.
Two Earthquakes Hit Northwest China, 11 Dead
Taliban prison break: 250 militants escape after attack on Pakistan jail
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
A cat is pooping into a toilet.
A baby is laughing and giggling.
"Reloaded" is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
A man drills a hole in a piece of wood.
Annan warns talks of Syria risks
A woman is cracking eggs.
A cat is crawling upside down under the couch.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
A boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria
EU to train Mali army to fight northern Islamist militants
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
A big turtle is walking.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
The white dog runs across the snow.
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking. 
A man is applying butter to bread.
No agreement at Iran nuclear talks
I'm "a bunch of cells."
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons. 
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
A person checks some rice pudding.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A deer jumps over a cyclone fence.
A man is riding on a horse.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife.
Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border: army
North Korea: experts call for dialogue ‚Äď and say China must play a part
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30
A man is running with a bus.
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
The great thing about living here is there's space.
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A brown dog wades in the water.
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed
Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries
Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate
Suicide bomber kills 10 in Pakistan
People are walking in the garden.
Indian stocks close lower
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
Ariel Castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking. 
Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps
Mayawati demands Presidents rule in Jammu and Kashmir
Would he be better for American society?
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
Five birds stand on the snow.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
A brown dog is running through green grass.
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption
A man is preparing a hanging rope.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.
A man is lifting weights.
Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage
Schumacher in a coma after ski accident
A man shows off a small monkey.
Google CEO says Android important, not critical
"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.
BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over 
Car bomb kills four in Hezbollah Beirut bastion: minister
Stocks edge lower following retail earnings
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
Facebook to test mobile payments service
the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty. 
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
Egypt votes on final day of presidential election
Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
Woman dies after abortion refusal
A woman is adding an egg and stirring.
A woman is feeding an aardvark.
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
A man plays a piano.
A dog walks through the snow.
A woman is playing flute.
A close up of an ostrich face.
Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either.
A group of men are dancing.
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars). 
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
A woman is playing a flute.
A woman is peeling a potato.
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
Bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on
Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Indonesia: Schoolchildren among 14 killed by Indonesia volcano eruption
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
A person breaks an egg into a small bowl.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia
the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week. 
Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
A badger is burrowing a hole.
And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
the treaty was first signed in 1990. 
NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
Syria talks for Cameron and Putin
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
A man is playing guitar.
A car backs out of a space.
A woman riding a brown horse.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
A black dog lies on the grass.
A man is talking on a phone.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
Two black dogs in the snow.
US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
US: Russia Massing Troops on Ukraine Border
The mosquitoes posts.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Hi Wiggies!
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
"PNC regrets its involvement" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
A man is carrying another man on his back.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
any woman that wants birth control can get it.
Syrian opposition to name delegation for talks
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.
Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen
Plane Crash Site Search Called off for the Night
Officer injured in India anti-rape protests dies
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
Sevens World Cup within Kenya‚Äôs reach
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states. 
What conviction would that be?
tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges
29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china. 
Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps
A man is carrying someone on his shoulder.
Therefore, the universe has an explanation of its existence.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post.
Blast kills nine in southern Afghanistan: officials
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
Protests and appeals for calm after Zimmerman acquitted of Trayvon Martin murder
BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse
Norway marks anniversary of massacre
The lady cut up a potatoe.
A rat is running.
Originally Posted by zaf in the long term, yes.
A man is driving a car.
A man is throwing knives at a tree.
S.Korea proposes 'final' N.Korea talks over Kaesong
the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism. 
It's about the baggage attached.
Man 'who set himself ablaze' on National Mall dies
Russian warplanes strike inside Syria
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
Capello resigns as England manager
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Strong earthquake in western China kills at least 75
Hollande 'threatens legal action' after affair allegations
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
The ignorance is yours!
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
Syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria
A small kitten is playing a ball.
Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
I'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon.
Boy Scouts of America delays vote on lifting ban on gays
The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
Bangladesh building collapse: death toll climbs to 580
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.
Mourners clash with police in Tunisia
A hedgehog is biting at a blanket.
Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film
A man is smoking.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
News is my Business
'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
Someoen is cooking onions.
Forex &amp; Gold 6 March 2013
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate
Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
Two dogs playing by the shore.
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
Pope thanks public for joining his Syria vigil
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car
UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
'Kony 2012' director hospitalized
China activist Chen lands in US
A man and a woman are riding on their bicycles.
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A small white cat standing in a sink.
Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria
Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
A man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet.
A woman is slicing a leek.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
A man is playing with frogs
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
A man is running.
Exclusive-UPDATE 2-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
Obama calls for international front against IS
A woman is straightening her hair.
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok.
A dog is eating water melon.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union.
Two robots kiss.
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94
Man, 40, arrested after shooting
Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army
I hope everything is OK!
Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
russia already participates in the european space agency's 
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'
Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial
"We think it's great news," said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
police stated that-- chung has been on the run.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
Ukraine's top court dismisses Crimea's independence as "unconstitutional"
Driver backs into mom, stroller with child then drives off
Moody's upgrades Greek credit rating
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
North Korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with Cuba
Series of attacks kill 10 police in Afghanistan
Mandela Discharged From Hospital
A man jumps into a wall.
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade. 
no missile witnesses.
3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
A man is cutting grass.
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying. 
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
US school bans hugging
Ban Ki-moon to Review Syria Chemical Arms Accord
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine.
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war
A woman splits garlic cloves.
The polar bear is sliding on the snow.
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.
Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.
A herd of caribou are crossing a road.
HSE boss defends medical-card plan
The man talked on the telephone.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons. 
'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii
Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests
US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee
Ukraine hosts ‚Äėunity talks‚Äô
A group of horses grazing in a field.
Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
"It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist," the source said.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
A woman is hitting a man.
Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Stands Behind Morsi
The man poured oil on the cut tomatoes.
The boy is playing in the sand.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
A man puts a knife in a vice.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
A passenger train in the snow.
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
A man is playing a guitar.
russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.
A kitten eats some food.
"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said.
A woman is riding a horse.
Childcare 'costing £15,000 a year'
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
A tied man is putting into water.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
A cat is licking himself.
Elephants spray themselves with water.
Then the captain came back.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
Tunisian opposition politician shot dead
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
Singapore shares open lower on Monday
A black faced sheep.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night
'Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resigns'
Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad
No. Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
US set for Obama inauguration
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
A cat and a boy play together.
A man is playing a flute.
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal
A live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Syrian PM defects to Jordan
Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off.
Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking
Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees
Tornadoes rip through Midwest, killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods
Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike
A woman is dancing in the rain.
Animals are playing in water.
A woman is peeling potato.
Red double decker bus with hood up.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
A woman is flouring and rolling dough.
"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Sony to axe PC unit in major business overhaul
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall
A woman in riding a brown horse.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
A boy is playing a guitar.
South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections
South Africa: Mandela remains in hospital
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
that is not an answer.
Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
A man is slicing a bun.
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
@Lustig Andrei, We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.
British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll
The train sits at the train station.
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.
the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.
That's just not how legal briefs are written.
Singapore shares open 0.83% higher on Wednesday
A woman is doing weight exercises.
'Israeli' arrested in Yemen Mossad spy
What will be the response in California?
@NickFun, Has anyone heard from Dutchy?
Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
A man is moving large rocks.
A man is cutting a potato.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts
"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.
Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
A man is putting broccoli into water.
Car bombing kills 17 in Pakistan
A man and woman is walking in the grand.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
US sprinter Tyson Gay tests positive for banned substance
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
no other drug has become as integral in decades. 
A potato is being peeled.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces.
A man is straining pasta.
the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies.
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials
US to Determine Extent of Chemical Weapons Use by Syria
Egypt votes on new constitution
Tokyo stocks open lower
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
A man is riding a horse.
A dog in the snow.
A man is striking clay pots.
Iran earthquake death toll rises
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
A woman shoots a shotgun.
A man wearing a hard hat removes his glasses as he speaks.
Apple stock plunges 11% after earnings disappointment
A man is playing a guitar.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
A red, double-decker bus.
Generations divided over gay marriage
Eurozone jobless hits fresh record high
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan
Some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff.
The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from  to  years.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
Egyptian election result delayed
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
Ukrainian parliament dismisses president
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
Two kids playing with a dog.
A woman slices tofu.
Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot
A man cracks an egg.
Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat
Israel vows to deny Hezbollah after air strike
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
An explosion is booming in the desert.
Obama jokes about himself at reporters' dinner
House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure
Stocks slump on Wall Street
A woman is slicing up some pork.
LOL Don't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US?
Iranians Vote in Presidential Election
A kitten is drinking milk.
Russians in Damascus!
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
Four boys are standing in front of the burning car.
A lion is trying to climb up over a wall.
bam is a city in southeastern
Quotations in the News
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Ryanair chief hails report findings
A couple holds a baby.
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
A girl is singing on stage.
We are meant to explore.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
'9 Dead' in New Darfur Tribal Clash
A woman is dancing.
US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
Lionel Richie is dancing on the ceiling.
The people threw the dummy over the cliff edge.
Russia warns it will 'respond' if interests in Ukraine attacked
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
Israeli minister slams Kerry’s boycott warning
indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999. 
US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal
Where is the slant against Bush?
A woman adds ingredients to beef.
the deal has been in process for several years. 
The lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
Red double decker bus.
How many passengers said they saw an iceberg?
the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.
At least 47 Iranian exiles killed at Iraq's Camp Ashraf
Delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
Malaysia's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power
A little bird floating in the water.
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq
No has has shut down the oil fields.
Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen
China launches probe and rover to moon
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
Egypt announces arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
A woman is grilling pineapples.
Russia releases Greenpeace doctor
China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A man and a woman shake hands.
N Korea to halt work at joint industrial zone
A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl.
Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
A baby elephant eats a sapling.
A man and a woman laughing.
The woman is putting makeup on the man.
A man is playing a flute.
I have many problems with these men, way to many to state here!
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
A woman is mixing meat.
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
A mostly black train on a track.
Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
Chinese stocks open higher Thursday
A man is talking.
A woman is rowing a boat.
A man is carving a statue.
'Scores of bodies' found in Syria
A dog is swimming in a pool.
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
I thought it was good, and I didn't find it confusing.
S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks
N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent
NRA official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks
A woman is peeling an apple.
Polls open in France for presidential election
Spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe
China Scrambles to Reassure Jittery Stock Traders
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern 
court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
Li Na to announce retirement
Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility.
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
Two cows standing in a large field.
Indonesia: Six dead in Indonesian volcanic eruption
Pope Francis condemns global indifference to suffering
Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter
At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday
A man is playing the guitar.
Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states
Somalia's Shebab claims responsibility for Nairobi mall attack
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
Peacekeeper killed in Abyei clash
A person is playing a piano keyboard.
US allies get help to repel Iranian computer attacks
"We've become like total strangers," John told a pal two days before his death.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday.
Obama urges military action against Syria, but will seek Congress' OK
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
The man is riding the horse.
Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico.
"Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers," writes Barrenas.
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
A person cuts a big green pepper apart.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists.
The girl danced in front of the bonfire.
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
A Guinea pig eats a carrot.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
A woman is bathing into bath-tub.
Miami Heat wins NBA Finals
Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
Some is grating onion into water.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal
EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
A woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too.
Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
Senate, House on collision course on border money
Suspected Saudi militant dies in Lebanese custody
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.
Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.
Egypt protesters 'to be dispersed'
A man is playing baseball.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
Cars driving near a model building.
Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
China ships enter waters off disputed islands
ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program. 
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria
Tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc
Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident
france is a leader in the european space agency.
Dozens feared trapped in India building collapse
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
A cat is drinking milk.
Cars, drivers plunge into river after Wash. I-5 bridge collapse
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
Pro-life also refers to just "opposition to abortion".
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms.
Telstra applies to list China site in NY
A man is performing stunts.
A girl is singing and playing a guitar.
China's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens
Button boasts best time after first practice
A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
She was a nice lady.
A man is playing the trumpet.
I don't think what she's saying is that controversial.
I haven't read the books, but I saw the movie today.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
A white dog runs on the sand.
India Ink: Image of the Day: March 4
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
A woman is playing the flute.
IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Israeli soldier hits Palestinian child in Hebron
Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.
A man is shooting a gun.
Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.
Police confirm how suspect was captured
02:41 156 killed in China earthquake
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud
A woman is slicing octopus.
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
A woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
Indian stocks open higher
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE
US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
Brown dog running on grass.
A man dances on a colorful wall.
UK says investigating 2 suspected MERS cases
Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
A person is playing the piano.
A young female rider on a brown horse.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy
BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
again, this is not a constitutional issue.
A man is dancing.
A person is slicing a bread pieces.
A woman is putting meat in a pan.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
Suicide bomber kills 3 at US base in Afghanistan
The little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball.
Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't
A man is loading a rifle.
Yes what are his charges.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
A man is playing a guitar.
Is that how it works?
Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles
Specifically a Baptist.
Indian troops raid Pakistani military post
The one that has  walks home afterwards and goes to sleep.
At least 45 killed in Spain train crash
Romney wins Maryland Republican primary
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
A car is driving down the road.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
"But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
The man hit the other man with a stick.
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot
Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey
Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster
Suarez set for Cup comeback
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics
The lady sliced a tomatoe.
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
China to investigate EU wine exports
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure.
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court
Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident
Preston and England legend Tom Finney dies at 91
Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region. 
Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
A woman is riding a donkey.
blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction. 
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film
A man is walking outside.
Stocks soar on Wall St lead
A woman is dancing.
French raid wine cellar for austerity auction
Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip
the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia. 
US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
What conviction would that be?
A woman is riding on an elephant.
India building collapse kills 14; dozens trapped
A man is riding a bicycle.
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference.
Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva
Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments
Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
Large green boat floating on water.l.
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
A woman is washing her hands.
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
A train is at a train station.
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
A dog running on the beach
Then he is not omnipotent.
The man is walking.
US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met
An air plane is taking off.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
What was the "answer" in Chicago?
Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists
Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
A white dog runs on a beach.
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am
Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse
A woman is flipping pancakes.
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference
A bicycle in a dining room.
North Korea Shuts Last Remaining Hotline to South
Man convicted in Vatican leaks case
Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base
estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leader Convicted
'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
South Africa prays for Nelson Mandela
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition
The boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors.
Black train idle on the tracks.
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill
The ideology was built around violent expansion, so yes - VIOLENT expansion.
Top Asian News 1:25 p.m. GMT
Syria 'to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'
Egyptian Christians choose new pope
Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers
myanmar is a military state. 
Think about all the things you can't "eat, wear, or live in".
US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed
A woman is painting the face of a man.
Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court
A man is playing a guitar.
A girl dances in the rain.
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
Bairstow hits ton in India tour match
Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 PM
A girl is playing a violin.
The e-mails - Oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military. 
Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland
A man is playing guitar.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday
mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety. 
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus
A soccer player kicks the ball into the goal.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
USA expels Venezuela diplomats in row
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
A woman is slicing a meat into pieces.
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago. 
Iran hopes nuclear talks will yield 'roadmap'
The elephants sprayed water on themselves.
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
Asian markets mixed on China trade data
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer
A man is running.
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !
The cat played with a watermelon.
US Marines killed in base attack
The man is dancing.
A man is opening a package containing headphones.
russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.
A boy is doing push ups.
kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un.
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
A skier speeds through the snow.
Donna Summer, the queen of disco
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
We can't do it without you."
Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft. 
The animal is hopping.
Your schtick is getting stale.
A baby is playing a guitar.
US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
A girl is playing on a swing.
A man is riding a horse.
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions.
Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east
government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war.
A man is playing the guitar.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
Egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls
Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled
So, short form, yes, it probably is different in different countries.
50th anniversary of JFK's death remembered
Death toll in Syria over 100,000 so far
Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen
A man is slicing a tomato.
Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president
Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)
Egypt set to lure Gulf investors
A baby monkey scratches itself.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
A man is playing flute.
In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS.
A jockey riding a horse.
putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests. 
A person is slicing carrots in half.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is slicing a cucumber.
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil. 
Rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in India building collapse
A woman is cutting a potato.
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty. 
A large boat on the sea.
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope
Rocks, Tear Gas Fly as Thai Protests Heat Up
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
A black dog walking through water.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
A woman is slicing some vegetables.
religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
A man is playing the drums.
A man is playing a guitar.
Tokyo stocks close down 1.53%
Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says
Several children playing in a ball pit.
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians
Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law
A kangaroo is eating.
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.
Singapore shares open higher on Thursday
A woman rides a horse.
A monkey brushes a dog.
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary
Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics.
Atlas Shrugged It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The man is playing the guitar.
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area. 
Press awash with Nigeria\'s general elections
Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
At least two killed in southern Egypt clash
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
A woman is cutting a jalepeno.
Police fire tear gas at protesters
So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
Second day of Egyptian presidential election
It is mostly just the Dutch.
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
the international atomic energy agency is based in
the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site.
For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.
Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.
"The whole thing is a travesty," fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border
Three storey building collapses in Ebute Meta
Syria must destroy chemical weapons
US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants
a young child running along the shore at a beach
Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests
A group of girls are exiting a taxi.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
the man used a stenograph.
Got some Heine and coors light i started it last night xanis.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
amnesty international's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld, which opposes armed violence. 
Iran's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border - live
Many people run in a race on a street.
Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A red, double-decker bus.
And a large part of the east coast.
Russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in Ukraine
Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Tsunami warning after Canada quake
A man is slicing vegetables.
Two dogs in a stream.
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win
there is no chance at a fair trial.
A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.
Obama puts Syria strike on hold
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe
A man is riding a motorcycle on the highway.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
A man is holding up and talking about a gray You Tube T-shirt.
"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
That Israel doesn't giva a **** what anybody else thinks.
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes.
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21
Hi Ollie: That is absolutely amazing.
A man is playing the piano.
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses
7 dead in Christian school shooting
Teenager and father killed in crash
India's top court orders investigation into job scam, deaths
A woman picking up a large rock.
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
UN presses need for major boost in Syrian aid
Google launches internet-beaming balloons
A woman is frying something in the pan.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe. 
Thomas Cook accused of putting costs before customers
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
A boy is playing the trumpet.
Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title
The new Cold War
A woman is powdering her face.
Macau gambling revenue hits record US$38b in 2012
Three dogs race in the snow together.
Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute
The cat cleaned his face with his paw.
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan
3 dead in Maryland mall shooting
A woman plays with a brown dog.
Two dogs running in the dirt
Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!!
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site
A dog is running through the ocean.
Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
The man is driving a white car.
Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
Captain of capsized S Korean Ferry Arrested
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh). 
A slow loris bites a persons fingers.
Nigeria: University Bombed in North
Mauritanian president shot at
A man blowing a large bubble.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
Lacey - welcome back!
A woman is cutting an apple.
iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes. 
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
Someone is carving a statue.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.
A person is making a bed.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
A person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling.
Argentina declares mourning for flood victims
A fish is swimming.
FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1
A woman is peeling a potato.
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years.
SC dismisses govt's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured
A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.
A man is playing the guitar and singing.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq.
7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule
A passenger train coming into a station.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba. 
The man played haki sak in the office.
US designates Haqqani network as terrorists
A panda is sliding down a slide.
French train derails south of Paris
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
Train in a station.
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together.
The bird is sitting on the branch.
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer
the alh's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets, guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company.
Gun battles in Central African capital create fresh panic
Egypt court turns down Mubarak's release request
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
Prince George is christened at St James's Palace
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.
Bradley Cooper in talks to play Lance Armstrong in biopic
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
A child is stuck in a dog house.
A man is playing a large flute.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
A bird sits in a tree.
My best, Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.
Ferrets climb down from a shelf.
Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah
Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
Sniper waiting for result of appeal
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment.
Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk
US Attorney General Holder resigns
I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.
Israel strikes Syria as tensions rise on weapons
A couple walking down the street.
A onion is being sliced.
Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over 'Sex Abuse'
a train rides on his tracks.
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68
Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
The man is pushing the van.
About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede
Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon. 
Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?
I don't like flavored beers.
Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall?
US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
A man plays a piano.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
Senate confirms Obama nominee to key appeals court
North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
A woman is playing the flute.
UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard
Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies
Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
A dog is eating some water melon.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
A woman is dancing.
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
6 killed in Philippines restaurant blast
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
Muslim Brotherhood supporters die in Egypt clashes
Carney sets high bar to change at BoE
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent
UN confirms sarin used in Syria attack
One dead, 11 hurt in LA car chaos
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Chairman of British no-frills airline easyJet to step down
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
Merkel to attend World Cup final
A man is playing a guitar.
A dog is running through water.
Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
4 dead, 3 injured in east China road accident
Candy - Thanks for starting us off today.
Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati
A woman is slicing an onion.
Murray wins Wimbledon title ends Britains 77year agony
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
An officer is talking to recruits.
Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized
russia ratified the amended treaty.
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
A man picking up a big rock.
There is no "WAR" in the middle east.
Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban
Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990. 
Income tax, top rate:  percent.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
In shock move, Obama puts Syria strike on hold
Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
A man is dangling a mouse near a snake.
Iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant
indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent.
Residents return to Texas blast site
Syrian journalists killed in capital
Room with several computer monitors.
Three people racing on ice skates.
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
Nelson Mandela dies: Live coverage
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
there were no weapons.
Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse
A small bird eating from the feeder.
But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: "Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
A woman dances while a man plays the keyboard.
Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
I don't see him as evil at all.
Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry
Texas house provisionally approves abortion law
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A man is playing a harp.
A woman is exercising.
A black dog is running through some water.
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
Zimmerman stopped for speeding in Texas, released with warning
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate
a young girl wearing purple running through water
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
Three feared dead after helicopter pub crash
A man is climbing a rope.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
Obama queries Turnbull over China port deal
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
A man is eating bread.
A girl is tapping her finger nails.
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A man is playing a guitar.
paranoid Got any proof?
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
The seagull is floating on the water.
vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws. 
soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
The man drove his little red car around the traffic.
Two bays are dancing.
A dog is walking along a pool.
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
Pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on Syria
Taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in Afghanistan
Asian markets lifted by positive US, China data
Texas sues over Syrian refugees
A turtle is walking.
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
Maldives president quits after weeks of protest
Weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal
Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women Leading Change
Taiwan coast guard launches new ships as South China Sea tensions rise
Red Fox standing by.
Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies
A woman is mincing some garlic.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission
Mali interim leader takes office
The man is eating pizza.
afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.
The person is removing the scales from the fish.
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela
DC votes to decriminalize pot
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends
This eclipses the old record of  set in .
A man is playing on a guitar and singing.
Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
A man is walking with a horse.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35
World mourns passing of Mandela
It doesn't say that it didn't participate.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project.
South Africa unites in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela
Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati
Mann's work was all about math.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
Except that they couldn't.
A person is hitchhiking on a road.
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Imran Khan to contest elections from four NA seats
His position is that it is the individual's risk to assume.
A couple are running towards the ocean.
A man is climbing a wall.
A gorilla is playing the drums.
Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
Briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
China ‚Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business
Soccer-France to host Australia for first time in October
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
"It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
China issues yellow alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence. 
Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
An old woman is shaking hand with a man.
A woman is frying fish.
Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands'
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing.
Romney vows to restore 'promise of America'
a man plays his white guitar.
U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
It's amusing to think it even might be true.
Stock index futures signal early losses
Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast
A man slices potatoes.
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria
Despicable Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.
Depends on how you define "extreme".
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
A monkey is walking through the water.
Ashya's Parents Arrive For Extradition Hearing
More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya's al-Kweifiya prison
Typhoon Bopha kills 15 in S. Philippines
Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
House set to vote on plan to reopen government
Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
A surfer is riding a wave.
Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
A woman is adding oil to a dish.
Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison. 
A little kid is running around a fishing pole.
Twin quakes kill 89 in China
Malala leaves British hospital
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
A black and a yellow dog
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
A person is cleaning a disk.
Like this  year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime.
Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada
Eurozone unemployment hits record high
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train
Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic
Zen Report: Ain't easy being high maintenance
A woman is slicing a pepper.
Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes
"Pressing the number one does English."
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
A person is playing a keyboard piano.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
Three children are eating their food.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
bae systems is the uk's largest defense company. 
Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
. What is your definition of "life force"?
The man poured oil on the tomato slices.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
A man is opening a door.
Syria’s chemical weapons could end up at sea
N Korea hit with new US sanctions
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Car bombing kills 53 in Damascus
A rocket exploded.
Paul doesn't have a shot.
We all believe that we are getting what we expect.
Mandela released from hospital
I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
Greek PM calls for May 6 general election
Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
A cat is rubbing against a baby.
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
A cat is playing a key board.
26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prison
Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban
Two dogs on the beach.
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrested
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $15bn
Plastic toys are floating in water.
"I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat."
Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims
118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria
The man is slicing bread.
And that is happening in GOP controlled states.
Secret Service sees its 'biggest scandal' over prostitutes
In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window.
tirana is the capital of 
Search after man swept into sea
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
A band is playing on a stage.
Two men are fighting using a form of martial arts.
Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.
World Cup hit by new stadium death
Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return
the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence. 
amnesty international is a rights group based in london. 
Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
The argument was "Albert Einstein didn't go to college".
Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Senegalese president to visit China
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire; stock takes a beating
A man is eating bread.
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
Who Is Jihadi John?
David Beckham to retire at end of season
A girl is communicating with sign language.
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
A cheetah is running across a field.
Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution
I've assumed this as well in my argument.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
China army newspaper slams US's PRISM program
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Rangers voted into Division Three
lol Looking forward to seeing your built-in's!
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A woman is slicing some onions.
First significant gas found offshore Kenya
Two women mix something in a food processor.
Someone is slicing a tomato.
the problem is who doesn't have money.
Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
Boy feeding a sheep.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
Someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper.
A man is petting a tied up dog.
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment. 
Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder
Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids
17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor. 
PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
I then asked: What are they trying to hide?
I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
A woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves.
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow
And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
A person is folding a piece of paper.
ISAF soldier killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.
The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
A person is mixing water and flour.
PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'
Russia unveils $25bn oil link to Pacific
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
Israeli military focuses on northern border
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty. 
A man is playing a guitar.
Russia's Putin claims authority to invade Ukraine
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
methamphetamine is also known as ice.
Two puppies are playing with each other.
abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community.
Morsi supporters march in Egypt
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
A man is sky surfing on the water.
russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary.
A woman is firing a rifle.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
A man is mowing a lawn.
We in Britain think differently to Americans.
South Korean woman in contact with MERS patient dies
A man is tying his shoe.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
Pro-Palestinian Activists March to UN Headquarters
A rabbit is running from an eagle.
Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades
A person is adding food in a pan.
Two Palestinians Killed in an Israeli Air Strike on Gaza
California governor declares drought emergency
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."
the treat was originally signed in 1990.
Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states.
A woman is slicing meat.
The cowboy rode his horse in the desert.
Books To Help Kids Talk About Boston Marathon News
Haiti has been a shithole.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility. 
The boy is stuck in the door of the doghouse.
A band is performing on a stage.
Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
Montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
7 killed in attacks in Iraq
25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad, Pakistan
Statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative, Catherine Ashton, on the resumption of executions in Iraq
Egypt: IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist Arrested in Berlin
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
Nirvana is NOT oblivion.
Spain Princess Testifies in Historic Fraud Probe
A woman is boiling noodles in water.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.
Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits
David Beckham retires from football
What conviction where you talking about before?
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
City Room: Empire State Building Shooting
Iran ends cooperation agreement with Pakistan
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.
Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters
Johor crowns its fifth Sultan
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
Wall Street Ends Mixed
A woman is cutting a cucumber.
U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
A man and woman is riding in a car.
Shooting, protests mar Thai voting
A computer on a desk.
Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre
Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term, that's fine.
A woman is peeling a potato.
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win
The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria
A man stares out a window.
myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. 
There is no freedom of speech.
Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog. 
A woman is slicing a potato.
A man is cutting grass.
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.
Former LAPD officer sought in Irvine slayings
Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP)
 Foxe was mostly frozen.
EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal
Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
Thai protesters call general strike
Eleven killed in China police station attack
a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war. 
A dog licks up a baby's drool.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5
Red double decker bus on side of street.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116
Shots fired at German ambassador's residence in Athens
NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges
Two young women shear a sheep.
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
EU receives Nobel Peace Prize
Two killed, seventeen injured in Raiwind road accident
Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found
U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano
A baby is falling asleep.
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
A monkey is playing drums.
**smooches Ran** Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
Tornadoes, damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest, killing 5
Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
He definently has supporters.
See that makes no sense.
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
A woman picks up a baby kangaroo.
Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president
The lady cracked two raw eggs.
A man is looking at a computer monitor.
Wrestling to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
A dog shaking water off.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars.
Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A man is playing a guitar.
HRW: Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A boy falls off his bike.
A woman relaxes in an inner tube.
The lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl.
"It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances," Burke said.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar.
Residents return to Fallujah
"What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away.
Spanish train crash driver to be questioned
A man is riding a horse in an arena.
China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday
Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
A man is chopping a log with an axe.
Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
A close up view of a bottle of water.
"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken," said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
A duck floating in the water.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
Suicide Bombs Hit Egypt Military in Sinai, Kill 6
5 wounded in Ohio school shooting
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse
A cat is playing the piano.
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
If you want to buy a house or a SUV, again, who cares?
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea
6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
British soldier shot dead in Afghan ‘insider attack’
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards
Two white dogs are running together.
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful. 
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
A man is running on the road.
A person is peeling a potato.
A dog digging in the sand.
The jury is not told about juror nullification.
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska
Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
If it isn't a person, then WTF is it?
Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner
Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire
N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill
Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting
Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
Libya: UN orders investigation into Libya rights abuses
Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi
Unless it's different in different countries?
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
A man is playing a guitar.
Did the transaction take place?
An elderly man is getting into a red car.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent
the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
A man is peeling a potato.
Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal
Butter is melting in a pan.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
A man pushes another man into the ocean.
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
A woman is slicing a pepper.
His "friends" say that he was confronted by his car.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
Facilitator : Show me the smart child.
Typhoon death toll rises to 3633
Italy bus crash death toll rises
The man is holding a lemur.
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week. 
Google redesigns search results on PCs
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
Obama is Bush's fault.
We were talking about women as war bounty were we not?
A man is riding a horse.
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east. 
Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti, swipes Cuba
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants
A man takes a slice of pizza.
More rain hampers Indian flood rescue
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
A man is breaking an egg.
Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands
Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
Two men charged with terrorism offences
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
A woman is dancing in the rain.
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial
U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January
A skateboarder does tricks on a half-pipe.
A man is burning a flag.
India gang-rape victim "struggling against the odds"
A cat is playing with a watermelon.
The boy is playing the piano.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
Police attacked in Belfast flag protests
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs. 
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
Somali MPs to elect new president
A woman is slicing mango.
A boy running through green grass.
in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers, arrest 2, and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine. 
Markets Live: Waiting for China data
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe.
godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment.
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe.
A woman is adding oil to a pan.
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November
A man is singing on stage.
Do you understand why it's absurd to limit the question to US residents?
A shirtless man catches a football
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
A man is riding on a motorcycle.
@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
Radio prankster in tears over nurse’s death
Missing cruise passenger is a NSW ambo
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
40 inmates are serving sentences for murder. 
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
A woman is slicing meat with a knife.
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast
pressing one does not "do" english.
Two dogs running on grass.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
Umm, that pretty clearly states, "the statute is presumed constitutional."
A man is cleaning the windows.
'Credibility on the line over Syria'
Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line," said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
Tottenham v Manchester City ‚Äď live! 
A young girl makes her bed.
Four dead in Indonesia train accident
A person is performing a card trick.
Hagel, Dempsey face Congress over defense budget
Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence.
The bailout was bigger than TARP Bloomberg news.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
Being in a gang isnt a crime.
George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says
UN: US drone strikes violate Pakistan's sovereignty
A dog runs through the snow.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A black dog is running in snow.
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
someone is slicing a vegetable.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program
The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed.
Most French support military operation in Mali
A puppy is sliding backwards along the floor.
A man is peeling an onion.
A woman is playing the violin.
SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station
A man is lifting weights.
2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems. 
Hamas senior denies Gaza, PA coordinated on peace talks
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
The white dog runs through the ocean.
Taliban denies involvement in Boston marathon bombing
Egypt court bans Muslim Brotherhood 'activities'
A black dog running through water.
Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site. 
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
A group of people dance on a hill.
A girl in orange lights a candle.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam
Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
Myanmar’s Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
A woman is making noodles.
A man pours liquid into a pan.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.
Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
Kim Jong-un Executed His 'Worse Than a Dog' Uncle
North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots
Today in History, Dec. 2
A surfer on a wave.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
A toy train is striking a toy car.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting
naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province. 
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal. 
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
% How much money does PP take in for abortion services?
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists. 
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say
if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power. 
There is no more egg cell post-fertilization.
"Our outcomes are very encouraging," George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say
A woman is speaking in sign language.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report.
Someone is pouring tomato sauce into a pot of meat.
A woman is riding a water scooter.
Pistorius officer on attempted murder charges
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief. 
Obama coming 'to listen' to Israel, Palestinians
Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument.
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks. 
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
That would make you a sort of accessory, I think.
38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan
President heading to Bahrain
Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
A woman is riding on a horse.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
China stocks open flat Monday
A dog is moving its mouth.
Russian roulette in Syria
Italian parliament backs new PM
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.
A young girl is singing on a stage.
Boko Haram disrupts Nigerian elections
Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'
India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers
the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports. 
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
A woman is talking on a telephone.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
A gibbon is swinging in the trees.
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."
Thai protesters break into army headquarters
Two boys are talking on the phone.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
A dog running across the sand
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
A child is walking down the street as a jeep pulls up.
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.
Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
Palestinians, Israeli police clash at Jerusalem's al-Aqsa
Senate approves Obama nominee to key appeals court
A woman is cutting a lemon.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
the western governments include the united states and france.
Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge
Chairman of easyJet to step down
India‚Äôs march to Mars
Iran, Tajikistan sign cooperation agreement
Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises
Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
A man is playing soccer.
A boy is playing a key-board between the people.
The man is playing the wooden flute.
Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?
two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel
puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua, nicaragua.
A cruise ship docked at shore.
China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon
US House Republicans elect Paul Ryan as speaker
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
A cat and a ferret are playing.
You're asking me to prove a negative?
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
Syrian govt wont stop attacks
A person is holding a skunk.
Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
A woman is slicing meat.
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions.
A woman is chopping a hard egg.
BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
israel remains outside the treaty.
Bank of England's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess
Pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
Syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife.
Man arrested over double murder
100 killed in new Darfur tribal clashes
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects
A man is getting into a car in a garage.
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person
A big green ball knocks a potato over.
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai. 
Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50
Bangladesh factory owners arrested
A dog is running on the ground.
Guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor
Three cows grazing in a field.
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives.
'Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures
Yet you didn't have to declare it.
Exit polls shows Putin ally wins Moscow vote, Navalny cries foul
A man is running on a street.
the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states. 
George W. Bush warns against bitter immigration debate
A field of black faced sheep.
Iran's parliament backs nuclear deal
the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe.
Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
The girl is spraying the plants with water.
And here I thought I knew me some math.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days. 
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
UK vote rejects military action
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end ban on gays
Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.
Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels
russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty. 
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
A woman rapidly fires a handgun.
Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
Islamic State issues video of beheading of US hostage
A brown dog sits on the beach.
Three cows grazing in a field.
Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself.
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
They're looking at each other!
Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic.
The bailout was bigger than TARP This title is misleading.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
Live Blog: Iraq In Turmoil
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
A man is playing the guitar.
Liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in Shanghai
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
Warmer , almost certainly a record.
A man is rinsing a steak.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
A man is putting foods in a box.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
A black and white dog is running through grass.
The man is peeling an apple.
U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
Pakistani Taleban chief killed in US drone strike
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
A woman is cracking an egg.
Avengers sets box office record
A dog is walking along the edge of a pool.
A cat is jumping into a box.
Japanese planes flew into China's new defense zone
A man is riding a motorcycle.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
in  Foxe basin was frozen.
Rocks, tear gas fly as Thai protests heat up
Suicide bomber kills 13 in Russia's south
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
Pro-Pak Taliban warlord killed in US drone strike
myanmar was formerly known as burma. 
Mandela remains in 'intensive care'
Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
Owners, others charged in Bangladesh factory fire
Nigerian MP charged with accepting $3m bribe
North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
11 killed in Chinese police station attack
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
A woman is picking tomatoes.
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
A woman is tapping her fingers.
Morsi's supporters reject plan
Five killed in Belgian coach crash
NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet
New World Trade Center declared tallest building in U.S.
A masked man sings.
Witnesses hear 'loud booms' at Boston Marathon
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A skier is falling into the snow.
How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
A little girl plays the violin on a beach.
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
A woman is chopping onions.
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League
40 still missing in Canadian train wreck
A man pours gasoline.
The cat shimmied under the bed.
A woman peels shrimp.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
Two cows cross a paved street.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Russia, China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
Israeli president released from hospital
Five dead in Canada train crash
A man is playing a guitar.
A boy is playing piano and singing.
Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary
If I'm angry, it will show up in one of those scans..
Ukraine‚Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding
What isn't how what was sold?
I have no problem with those that have money!
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
The men are fighting each other.
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Two men are fighting.
Amazon's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $250 million
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.4 Million
Suspected Boko Haram attacks kill dozens in Nigeria
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
Flooding in Canada forces evacuation of another city
spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
A pankda is eating bamboo.
N. Korea agrees to talks with South
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
A woman is dancing in railway station.
China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
Hamas calls on Hezbollah to pull forces out of Syria
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
A man is sitting on a rock.
iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
Declines in US stock market moderate
France's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform
The murky waters of the South China Sea
Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say
A woman is sewing on a machine.
Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms
A person is doing pencil tricks with his hand.
German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks
Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day
In fact, it's just the Dutch.
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest
A woman is picking tomatoes.
Two pandas are laying together.
Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents.
NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
A man is playing guitar.
Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign
Syria military police chief defects to opposition
Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone.
"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said.
Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A man plays the keyboard with his nose.
The dog walked along the edge of the pool.
Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know
A man is mowing grass.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek!
Earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours
A man talks on his cell phone.
World's oldest man dies at 116
A man is placing meat in a bag.
Indian rape accused found guilty
Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse
Boy Scouts delay decision on admitting gays
A car is driving along the road.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
Some people are singing.
JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing
Goa first step in Modis march to Delhi
Dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central Syria
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
French Socialists win absolute parliament majority
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
French-led troops control access to Timbuktu
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
A girl is playing a flute.
Iran Nuclear Talks in Geneva Spur High Hopes
Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks
Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
A train parked at a train station.
15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
Obama in ‚Äėdirect‚Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
A black and white dog is running through the field.
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
People ride up an escalator.
British Christians take complaints to European court
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
Afghan legislators approve new election law
Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct
A boy plays violin on stage.
Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them.
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014. 
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
A day of rage in Bahrain
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am
A young man is singing while playing the guitar.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
You mean, you believe the word of the Mainstream Media?
Two French journalists killed in Mali
NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town
"We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy," said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.
Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut
A man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle.
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
A guy on a white horse.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
A herd of deer are crossing the street.
Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution
Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
Dozens injured as Boeing 777 jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.
The man is adding seasoning to the beans.
A person is frying meat in a pan.
Obama to set out gun control plans
South Africa starts investigating mine violence
Probe into motor insurance market
voted Voted It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.
A multi-colored train on a track.
Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
A dog jumps over a chain.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
The birds are swimming in the water.
there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency. 
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
Two dogs are shaking water off.
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
Gov't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners
A woman is cutting an onion.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months.
A man is playing a guitar.
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences. 
Best way to turn it on its head is to get money out.
Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch
Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
Kids are dancing.
Red Sox Beat Tigers 5-2 to Advance to World Series
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.
A man and a woman laughing.
Mauritanian president shot by army unit
Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal
North Korea warns foreigners in South to evacuate
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990. 
Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote
12 militants killed in Afghan raids: ministry
Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
A man is playing a flute.
Someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill.
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister
Two Sumo ringers are fighting each other.
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
DR Congo rebels kill park rangers
i started it last night xanis.
Imran to contest from four NA seats
Then he is malevolent.
"Goblins don't exist" - fine.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics?
US Attorney General Holder resigns
A man is driving a car.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence
A man is swinging nunchucks.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia
The dog is barking at the toy.
Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Flooding Forces 75,000 From Canada Homes
If so, alot of inventors, writers should take prescription drugs..
A person is slicing cantaloupe.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
A woman leading a white horse.
A woman with a knife is slicing a pepper.
Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
7 killed in monster truck crash
Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
Two horses standing in a pen.
south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph. 
Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15
Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators
A white dog running through the snow
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
A man is petting a dog.
Pakistan drone strike kills up to six
In Pakistan, army adamant on fighting the other Taliban
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean
Two dogs running in the dirt
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
Ebola UK: NHS staff 'panicked' after suspected Ebola cases
A man is adding oil to a pot.
The two dogs were in the pen.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident
A puppy is pushing itself backwards.
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
White House, defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts
A woman is wearing headphones.
A man is taking pictures of a lake.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
How many threads do you plan on making?
A boy is crawling into a dog house.
Train gliding on tracks.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
Portugal-China to strengthen scientific research ties
China rocked by twin earthquakes
My niece is married to a black man.
Chinese military reaches out amid South China Sea tensions
A lion is pacing in a pen.
A man is dancing.
An airplane moves along a runway.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
David Beckham to retire at end of season
Didier Reynders on Syria
Brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing
A woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan.
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
France shuts mosque, arrests man in crackdown after attacks
Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer 
Trees are bending in storm.
A man tries to read the paper.
Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility. 
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries
iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund. 
A man swims underwater.
bae systems is the uk's largest military
Martin said, "Why are you following me?"
So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah.
The impact of sanctions on Russia
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
A man is dancing.
Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
Police 'did not link' Savile claims
'Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years
A woman is using a sewing machine.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
Hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches
Indian stocks open lower
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China
Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller
180 killed in Iran earthquake
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359
Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in Afghanistan
Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial.
A man is riding a mechanical bull.
The San Francisco plane crash at a glance
Some kids play in a field.
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
She was a great lady.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus.
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison
Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting
Honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy
Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident
McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $389 million
Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter
Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame
A boy is upset playing video games.
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive. 
A woman is cutting an onion.
A man is cutting a paper plate.
Greece bailout uncertainty weighs on global markets
A man is holding a slow loris.
The basketball player holds the ball.
A person is writing with a pencil.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
"He hasn't got much choice," said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
A man is dancing in rain.
Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan
Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
Man kills 4 in Calif. before police shoot him dead
Russian plane reportedly crashes in Egypt
Indonesians vote for president in tight race
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
A animal is eating.
Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
A man is writing on a paper.
Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government
Some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
No healthy person needs sex.
A girl is riding a horse.
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012
A man is riding a horse.
Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical
A baby panda relaxes on some logs.
A woman is drinking vodka.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
A boy waves around a sparkler.
Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout
A monkey pushes another monkey.
fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan. 
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport
A ferret and kitten play together.
A man is exercising.
Could be a simple mistake.
A helicopter lands.
iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group.
A man is playing a flute.
Your confusion doesn't make me a liar.
FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
Iraq violence kills seven
Egypt's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
The woman is walking her dog.
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution. 
The man is playing the drums.
Two birds interacting in the grass
Bienging is unaccptable.
Two girls jump out of swings.
Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
I don't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.
A man is driving a car.
A woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing.
Iran: Moderate candidate wins presidential vote
Two women are wrestling.
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
A kitten is playing with a ball.
john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament. 
Swiss tourist gang raped in India, say police
A woman is slicing an onion.
Red October standing by.
Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
A hare is running from a eagle.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
A young boy is riding a bike.
Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead
Thousands protest gay marriage in France
Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines
At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion
At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight
A kid is playing guitar.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
The man is playing the piano.
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli
France loses influence in Europe
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
Burundi police fire tear gas at protesters
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Four dogs playing in the snow.
russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security. 
Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally
Capital gains, top rate:  percent.
Someoen is peeling a potato.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
The woman is pencilling on eye shadow.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities
Could be a lot of things.
Obama to meet with Mandela family
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
Profiles of Kenya's presidential candidates
Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles
"I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.
Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
Some children are jumping on Trampoline.
ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa
A man is loading a rifle with bullets.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown
Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
"If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism," he said.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid.
A girl is playing a flute.
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
A person is cutting some burrata cheese.
French forces take key Mali town
A kid is playing a guitar.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal
People bent the laws.
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.
California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
A woman puts slabs of meat in a pan.
Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent
A man played the piano.
their vast properties are protected by the govt.
Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station
On 50th anniversary of JFK death, Dallas holds its first memorial
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM
Old TV alignments crack at the edges
South Korea ferry captain arrested
Over 100 dead as typhoon slams central Philippines
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
New US Sanctions Target Overseas Cyber Attackers
Greece secures biggest debt deal in history
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
I oppose the death penalty.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
US State Department faulted over Benghazi
Several ferrets climb out of their cage.
The Hunger Games breaks US box office record
A group of people standing outside of a building.
Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels
Does the census have an rear end in a top hat?
Obama Secret Service agents sent home
Two men are fighting.
Dozens killed in Laos plane crash
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
Snowden releases first Russia video
A man is chopping an onion.
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce.
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.
Close-up of a hummingbird.
a jockey riding a horse.
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
41 killed, 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Syria denies reports of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
Top Asian News at 4:00 p.m. GMT
The dogs are running in the snow.
Train driver in Spain crash questioned by judge
Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
Syria condemns Israeli air strikes.
the matter is delicate. 
A man is slicing a cucumber.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
A woman is writing.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
A man is driving a car.
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria
The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation."
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm
Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
South African icon Nelson Mandela hospitalized
The dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
Nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery
This is why I support the death penalty.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast
US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
Islamic State posts second propaganda video of UK hostage
4 killed in building collapse in southern India
A monkey pratices martial arts.
Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82
china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
A man catches a fish.
Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
Queen meets Britain's new baby prince
North Korean intrigue: The execution of power
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners
four people sitting at a table.
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
Jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
A car is moving through a road.
First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
Someone is playing with a toad.
A man is dancing.
it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison. 
A woman with her child.
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
Then your confusion doesn't make me a liar either.
A man is playing a flute.
At Least 47 Killed In Baquba Blasts
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
A woman is picking up a kangaroo.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings
Obama pledges to make new health care law work
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
A man is talking with a woman.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
A woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl.
Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
"I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.
A woman is picking a can.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
A woman is dancing by a fire.
My great niece is half black.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
Three dogs swim in the water.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
Egypt court orders Mubarak release
A train on the train tracks.
Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns
Tour De France Pack Sets off for Stage 15
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
North Korea says detained American tourist to face trial
Romanian president declared victory
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
A woman is firing a rifle.
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
Holder filed a three-page letter.
Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
A man is riding on a horse.
Israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic' Iran war
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
A man riding a white horse.
NATO traces path out of Afghanistan
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
Malaysia's ruling coalition wins majority
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
Three cows grazing in a field.
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
Police question man in deadly LA boardwalk crash
Bomb explodes at Greek shopping mall, two people injured
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
"Being against nukes" does not mean "not wanting to use nukes".
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
Britain loses bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada
China's stocks close lower on Monday
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A pig is agitating a lion.
"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.
South Africa train crash kills 26
A dog is running in the snow.
"Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated," Mackey said in a statement.
Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
Thai protesters besiege more ministries
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
Young boys running along the pavement.
Daily Press Briefing: South Sudan
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
A man is pouring chili into a bowl.
There is no freedom of religion.
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
Starbucks clears college degree path for workers
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
Obama canceled meeting with Putin
A young man is talking to a leaf.
It's so stupid that it just has to be true.
britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip
A person is walking down a stone path.
A brown dog squating on grass.
Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
F1 protests in Bahrain
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime.
Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy
A man is playing a guitar.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
Romney names Ryan as running mate
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria
A man is petting a tied up dog.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
A lion is walking around.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro
SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?
Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment.
Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea
A small dog is chasing a yoga ball.
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
A woman is swimming in the beach.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
Israel agrees to 24-hour Gaza truce
North and South Korea break their silence with talks
Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square
If you haven't made any claims, then just say so.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Red panda‚Äôs short-lived zoo escape
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
Italy‚Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote
any woman that wants birth control can get it.
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
Tokyo shares open higher on buoyant U.S. market
Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions.
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
People exploited the laws.
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
People are responsible for their actions.
A woman is slicing tofu.
A man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom.
A man is playing a guitar.
"We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying.
"But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."
Pakistan's Malala leaves hospital to await surgery
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation
A woman is dancing with other women.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
A cat, perched on a table, looks out the window.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.
neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute. 
NKorea makes "significant" nuclear reactor progress - IAEA
A boy looking at a computer screen.
South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
A man is singing into a microphone.
ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran. 
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured
The black dog is lying in the grass.
A boy is cutting paper.
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
"I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis.
A man is walking along a path through wilderness.
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
I didn't mention restraining order either.
Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case
Libya ‘destroys last chemical weapons’
A man is smelling two pizzas.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office
World‚Äôs largest building opened in west China
the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests.
India’s Modi promises tough stance against Pakistan
not a constitutional issue.
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)
7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines
Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad
Three men are playing guitars and singing together.
Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida
If you asked , conservatives, the numbers will be skewed to the right.
turkmenistan borders afghanistan. 
Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population
12 killed, 25 injured in bomb blast in NW Pakistan
A man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink.
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday
A man is playing flute.
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
China flu death toll rises to six
according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems.
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD
North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea
A man is putting cheese on a tortilla.
Hot Air Balloon 'Catches Fire And Crashes'
Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence
A man is slicing a potato.
A man is playing a guitar.
Thousands of Russians stranded abroad
Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing
A man is selling items.
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar.
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe. 
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
Spanish bulls gore seven to death
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Turkey scrambles jets near border
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
German ambassador's Athens residence shot at
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence
Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks
China stocks close mixed Friday
Stone notified Captain Lord.
A squirrel is moving in circles.
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
James Murdoch quits BSkyB
A man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce.
NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan
A woman is cutting potato.
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18
Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74
Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.
U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan
A man is opening a package containing headphones.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
A woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass.
The girl sat on the couch to crochet.
An airplane is flying in the air.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms. 
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons. 
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed
A man is diving into a swimming pool.
Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue. 
How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'
A little boy is vacuuming the floor.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
A man and a woman are smiling.
Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
A woman riding a brown horse.
A woman is taking a bath.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Her 20-year-old sister, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition.
Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old. 
two dogs running on the beach
the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government. 
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
No blocks to investment
Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30
US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shots fired
A woman is chopping an onion.
A man is eating.
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
A person is cutting a meat.
abuja is the capital of
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
A man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl.
Three die after car crash at Tian'anmen
A woman is peeling an orange.
The man did pushups on a wall.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve
I don't like many flavored drinks.
I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.
drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law. 
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
US releases initial report on fracking impacts on water
China stocks open lower on Wednesday
a bird lands in the water.
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.
Senior Pakistani Taliban commander captured in Afghanistan
Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process
Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
Irreligion that does that I have a problem.
Stocks to watch at close on Thursday
For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.
And I really liked him, and I still do.
ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others.
Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
A woman serving volleyballs over a net.
Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
A side view of a horse's head.
Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
A man is looking out of a window.
Italian President Napolitano elected for second term
India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
Rimsha Masih released on bail
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
Egypt holding key vote on constitution
A kitten is playing with a toy.
Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Oct 4
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections
A man walks across a tight rope.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal
The woman is singing.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
And you didn't have to.
Court in Bahrain rejects medics' last rally appeal
A band is singing.
End 'near' for Syria's chemical weapons
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
A woman is playing a game with a man.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush
I'm "a bunch of cells."
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism. 
Explosions Near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut
Turkish search ends as last missing miners found
Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
A man is running down a road.
A cat is playing with an antenna.
A man rises from a swamp.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
A man is talking.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
Indian stocks close lower
mexico wishes to avoid more violence.
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company to fold
Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
A dog opens a can of food.
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
i don't want a president who is charasmatic.
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
You are a Christian.
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve
Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
Pak missions in UAE gear up for elections
and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
UK confirms fears over Syria's chemical weapons
defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center. 
indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998.
WA man arrested in police drug raid
Spanish dilemma gets more acute
Martin said, "Why are you following me?"
A man is preparing some dish.
Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
We are meant to move.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors
A man is mooing.
Murray ends 77-year wait for British win
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.
The red bus is on the street.
Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
Kerry to visit Jordan, Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up
Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM
We never got out of it in the first place!
Joran Van Der Sloots Plans To Get Married In Peru Prison
Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
A woman is running on the beach.
Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic
2 dead, 8 injured in central Israel traffic accident
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series
Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen
"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
russia ratified the amended treaty. 
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
I don't have a proposed model.
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
A dog running along the beach.
Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting
Peaceful anti-G8 protest held in Belfast
A child with his hands on his head.
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A male and female robot are kissing.
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.
2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region; no injuries
Dogs are swimming in a pool.
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
The hedgehog chewed on the towel.
@sozobe, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
Harry Kane leaves it late to rescue a point for Tottenham Hotspur
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
Therefore you are not a Christian.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday
North Korea fires three short-range missiles
'Judge at polls directs voters on Egypt constitution vote'
So which system isn't working for us?
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
Freedom of speech has consequences!
That would make you partially responsible for their death.
Vinnie Jones reveals he has skin cancer
a boat floats in the water.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said.
lets assume we have % white and % black.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
10 killed in Iraq bomb attack
A person is slicing a garlic into pieces.
All 224 dead in Russian airliner mystery crash
Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report
A woman is slicing ginger.
a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.
Australia can eclipse England in Windies
Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject
"Then the captain was gone.
Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack
I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
Three dogs running through water.
A person is slicing octopus.
Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks
A man is stabbing a target.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
Gazans fire 89 rockets; cabinet approves reserve call-up
Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons
@Frank Apisa, What you want to call it is up to you.
Woman dies while riding roller coaster in Texas
wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project. 
Son of Chinese army singers gets 10 years' jail for gang rape
A girl is slicing a butter into two pieces.
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
A woman is using a sewing machine.
4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
Someone is mixing ingrediants.
Read More: You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
A woman cuts up some meat.
Police confirm how suspect was captured
Gray cat looking out the window.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," one politician said.
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
Thus, ultimate sovereignty.
Iranian president calls for new nuclear talks
china is a member of the ballistic missile club. 
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
There is no more sperm cell.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
Black and white cat lying under bush.
A man is slicing a plastic container with a sword.
You need to reread what I wrote.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
Syria envoy calls for National Unity Government
Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012
Doesnt mean its a BAD option.
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers
myanmar has a military junta.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
The man set up his camera to take sunset pictures at the beach.
South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks
Could this have been an enema?
the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government. 
Mexican singer Jenni Rivera believed killed in plane crash
US Senate has Rare Sunday Session Days Amid Fiscal Impasse
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
China no longer top investment destination: poll
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising
U.S. trade agency rules for Samsung, bans iPhone 4 imports
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
A man is slicing a potato.
Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested
you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon.
A man is playing a guitar.
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
Mandela's condition has 'improved'
"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
A baby is laughing and giggling.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
A tiger cub is making a sound.
The man drilled holes into the wood.
A man is playing a violin.
The end of the Hong Kong protests?
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
Couple marry in the UK's first Scientology wedding
Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.
Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012
india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.
A train is at a train station.
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m
A boy is onstage playing the violin.
A tan puppy being held and petted.
A man is walking down a road.
Amazon's Bezos buys Washington Post for $250-M
Francis begins papacy with prayer
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
President Xi: China to continue help to fight Ebola
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
Statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the latest spate of attacks in Iraq
I don't think Paul has a shot.
Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry!
Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
A man is getting inside a car.
Russian air force's 100th anniversary
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
A man is playing a bamboo flute.
A man is cutting a vegetable.
A woman puts a baby in a trash can.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
Israel among top arms exporters and importers
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law.
Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions. 
A woman is slicing a big pepper.
Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
Gusmao powers on in East Timor
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
A man is driving a car.
A woman is cutting through an onion.
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
A black pet dog runs around in the garden of a house.
One killed in clashes at Muslim Brotherhood Cairo offices
Telangana: Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital; blackout continues in Seemandhra
Trains inside an indoor station.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
A woman is cutting an onion.
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
Again, personal responsibility.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
Insight: U.N. chief finds his voice, but remains cautious on China
Egypt braces for Friday of anger after bloody crackdown
China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...
A white dog walking in the snow.
U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition
A man breaks a bottle with a sword.
More French soldiers to Central African Republic
Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
Venezuela assembly meets amid Chavez health crisis
Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
I hope everything is okay.
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
A girl is dragged downhill by a dog.
What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013
Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14
the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry.
Joachim Gauck elected as German president
A dog is jumping on a trampoline.
Pistorius officer dropped from case
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
The deer jumped over the fence.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'
Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official
BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case
Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding
Homs offensive kills 200
A person is descaling a fish.
The man is slicing a fish open.
France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
The man is playing the guitar.
Five things to watch in the presidential debate
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
A person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove.
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
U.S. bans carry-on liquids, gels on flights to Russia
A woman is shredding chicken.
Syrian prime minister 'survives assassination attempt'
UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
Egypt's Morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears
The man rode his motorcycle down the highway.
A monkey is wading across a marsh.
Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
Hamas in mixed-sex school 'ban'
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain
7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes Nepal
capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking. 
Someone is riding a horse.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
Two white horses staring over a fence.
A man seated is playing the guitar.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
A man walks down a path.
Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China
A man on a bike nest to a river.
Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break
Three dead, including gunman, in Maryland mall shooting
No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday
U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public
And until they decide that, "the statute is presumed constitutional."
Someone is playing guitar.
Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants
Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
I'm so sorry, Kelly.
A man is hugging someone.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
A woman is cutting up some meat.
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
A man is playing the guitar.
NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.
Imran blames rival for colleague murder
A skier going down the snowy hill.
'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'
It is a question that needs to be answered.
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
Jake with the assist.
The black dog is running through the grass.
Second teenager charged with murder
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
US warns Syria on chemical weapons
A person is peeling an onion.
A man is playing two pianos.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
Muslim Brotherhood supporter dies in Cairo clash
A man pops wheelies on a motorcycle.
Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal
China's Cabinet promises to boost economy
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
Yellow boat on a beach.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
iran is an islamic republic .
A boy cuts grass with scissors.
Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina
The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from  to .
State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
US, UN up pressure on Israel over Gaza
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet
the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar.
Breivik drops far-right salute in court
paris is the capital of france. 
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
A girl is putting gel in her hair.
the cfe treaty was established in 1990.
A man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area.
A machine is sharpening a pencil.
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
A dog is eating a piece of watermelon.
A man is climbing a rope.
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial
A woman is adding pasta to a pot of water.
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race. 
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
How does world's cheapest car do in crash test?
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
Mixed Progress Reported in Fight Against Islamic State
Muslims pray for end to divisions
A man cuts up potatos.
A man is playing a guitar.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said.
the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities. 
Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks
A New iPad Is Coming
A man is kick boxing with a trainer.
A woman is chopping broccoli with a knife.
some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems.
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
Jenni Rivera, Mexican music star, dies in plane crash
Captain of sunken South Korean ferry arrested
You have too much regulation, not too little.
Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six
.Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse
Egypt's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood
A boy is playing a key-board.
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved
Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
Shares Move Higher on Wall Street
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe). 
Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president
US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society. 
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
Israel bars German author Grass over poem
A person is writing.
'Trayvon could have been me'
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
Small boat going down a creek.
Suicide bombs hit Egypt military in Sinai, kill 4
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
The man is playing the guitar.
Bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites
A woman is chopping broccoli.
A man is playing a harp.
N. Korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack
UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria
A cow is eating grass.
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
Australian PM says 'Very confident' signals are from black box
A woman is deboning a fish.
Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
Blast kills 10 young girls in eastern Afghanistan
Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown
Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
A woman is slicing a lemon.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
A man is playing a flute in a band.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS
A man is playing a piano.
Egypt minister survives assassination attempt
A woman is pouring water on fish.
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
their great wealth is protected by the govt.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
A woman is dicing a potato.
A man is doing a card trick.
A girl riding a brown horse.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
Your good friend Mitt.
Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
'Friends of Syria' in Doha talks on arming rebels
Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
A woman is eating a cupcake.
Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
A man pours cleaner in his sink.
A man is playing on his keyboard.
A black dog is running through some water.
Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead
GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1
A person is rinsing a steak off with water.
Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"
Snowden thanks Russia for granting asylum
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
Turkish PM urges to end protests in Istanbul
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
A woman is applying eyeshadow.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
Two boys are skate boarding.
Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002.
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
A woman is washing off the top of a freezer.
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
A woman is swimming underwater.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
Two women make something in a blender.
uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade
Young couple sitting on couch.
additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze. 
Armenians vote in parliamentary elections
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election
Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack
The woman is playing the flute.
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica
mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force.
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.
The man is playing the guitar.
Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
A man is taking some math classes.
indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir.
Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
A man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
What makes you think the owl didn't participate?
north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
Housing starts up 6.8% in May
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
Obama meets Zuma and pays tribute to Mandela
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
There is no war in the Middle east.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
there is much concern over the drug. 
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
A woman is slicing butter.
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
Gotta love the EK factoid that "Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.
Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
A band is playing and singing on a stage.
At least six dead in US shooting rampage
George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
Two men in a running contest.
U.S. and Russia reach a deal on Syria's chemical weapons
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar. 
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
A girl is making eyelid.
Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
Two men are fighting.
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs
South Africa's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
A train traveling down the tracks.
What's my opinion regarding the series?
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
A boy plays a handheld game.
Egypt increases security before pro-Morsi protests
Pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical
South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response
6 killed in Mexico ‘monster truck’ crash
A man is riding a bicycle.
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
A person is surfing a large wave.
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP
More than 60 killed at Iraq funeral
A woman, in a kitchen, peels a lemon.
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour. 
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
Angelina Jolie's aunt dies of breast cancer
i don't want a president who 'cares'.
A man is putting a pan into an oven.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
Six Australians killed in Laos plane crash
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
A man is holding huge sunflowers.
Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is rowing a boat.
Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension
Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
Queen visits Britain's new prince
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Russia’s Volgograd
Twelve killed as gunmen raid village
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
No extortion, no bribery, no money involved Only class E felonies.
A woman grates onions.
A cat is eating a slice of watermelon.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.
A woman is swimming.
6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC
restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed. 
warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.
A man is playing guitar.
Women drivers to face insurance premium rise
A woman is taking a shower.
Egypt’s Coptic Church Names New Pope
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
Best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby, all of it.
russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe). 
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address
The woman droppped eggplant into the pan.
Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal
NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan
Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests
A submarine is going through water.
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Britain rejects Syria military action
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse
Afghans, US sign deal on night raids
Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace
A man is playing the drums.
If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem.
A boy is pushing a van.
A woman is chopping up garlic.
Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372
"It looks very much like an isolated event," World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
A woman dips a shrimp in batter.
China stocks open higher Wednesday
Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice
A subway train pulling into the station.
Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!
Does he have supporters?
Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled
China quake: Death toll rises
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
Israel called to account over latest settlement plans by European countries
Man with knife arrested at entrance to Buckingham Palace
Sail boat sailing on the water.
A woman is frying shrimp.
New sex claim hits Secret Service
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
A man is jumping a wall.
Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan
Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit
US ups pressure on Israel as UN demands Gaza truce
Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
Out of touch and untrustworthy?
Wall Street Opens Lower
Austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China
north korea is a reclusive state.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
"Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.
Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet
Iraq bombings kill at least 26
Old blue and white train on tracks.
6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia.
It is mostly just the Dutch.
A man is riding a horse.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
Palestinians clash with Israeli forces in West Bank, Jerusalem
AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1 billion
The woman is slicing herbs.
How do you know what's right and wrong?
Hi Pro and Corn: How many threads do you plan on making?
the osce meeting lasted two days.
Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
A man is exercising.
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
Death toll rises in Russia plane crash
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.
A woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon.
A female applies something to he hair with her hands.
Mumbai journalist gang-rape case: All five accused arrested
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
Two people sitting on a dock.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
Egypt: Egypt crackdown sparks global outrage
Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate
lets assume we have % white and % black.
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A man lays on the ground and aims a rifle.
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Usually I get pretty decent care.
Obama addresses Secret Service scandal
France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities. 
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
74 dead in Egypt soccer violence
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
The man was pushed into the water.
The woman is smoking.
Obama vows to save Iraqis stranded on mountain
Suicide bomber kills 14 at Russian train station
Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat
A man plays the guitar.
A boy is playing guitar.
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes
Egypt launches new assault against Sinai militants
Zimbabwe‚Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
A long train is on train tracks.
AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick
A girl is exercising.
kashmir is divided between india and pakistan. 
A woman is slicing an onion.
A woman is dancing by a fire.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
Man and woman found dead in Essex hotel swimming pool
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage. 
A man is mowing a lawn.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
"What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough," Covello said.
One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said.
5 killed in S China road cave-in
Egypt's Mubarak critical
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
Anyway, welcome back.
A brown dog running through the grass.
A woman holding a newspaper.
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
My Sheriff has told me its bad for you.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
QPR 1-2 West Ham: Match report, pictures & video highlights
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
Four U.S. Air Force helicopter crew members killed in UK crash
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
Egypt presidential election results delayed
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast
It is all Bush's fault.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A cat is playing with a camera.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
Brief clashes with police in Belfast
the problem is who doesn't have money.
A man is driving a car.
The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A woman is shooting off a gun.
France pledges military aid in Mali
French parliament backs reform of law on prostitution
Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
A girl is riding a bicycle.
Egypt's presidential election begins
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
A man is carrying another man over his shoulder.
A chimpanzee is hurting a woman.
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 
Egypt sentences Pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
A man is dancing.
Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
Southwest China quakes kill at least 50
Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
Australian PM insists no argument with Indonesia
Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City
Quotations of the day
Cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
A white cat stands on the floor.
Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win
Workers protest after Bangladesh building collapse
A man is slicing a bun.
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC
China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD
A girl is playing a guitar.
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
A man is riding a horse.
A boy is screaming.
Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'
US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met
And that's why you're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions?
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
A woman is cutting tofu.
A man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife.
The rhino grazed on the grass.
A woman rubs a baby's leg.
Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
Someone is playing paino.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
sheep standing in afield.
The man played his guitar.
Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales
Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
The man added vegetables to the broth in the pot.
Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers
San Fermin bull-running festival starts
A child runs through the grass.
Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case
"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
Prince George christened in London
A American flag is blowing in the wind.
Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not?
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
Indian media: Commonwealth summit
Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
A woman puts ingredients in a whisked egg.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day. 
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 
Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
Three children stand on or near a fence.
US delays missile test as tensions rise
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
Taliban commander killed in US drone strike
Central African Republic President, PM stepping down
A man is adding oil to car.
Palestinian prisoner dies of cancer, unrest in Israel jails
Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut
A boy is running on a beach.
How exactly is Germany being 'punished' for the stupidity of WW?
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
A black dog running in the snow.
French forces attack al-Qaeda's Mali allies
Fire in Beijing kills 10
US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
A woman is in the rain.
cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers. 
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000
peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall?
Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six
An overweight man is skipping rope.
Four men admit London bombs plot
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
Thailand's army declares martial law, denies coup
At least Mexico had a presence in California.
How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions?
A young woman is playing a guitar.
"We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously," he said.
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
A person is slicing a shallot.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open
Mexico has ZERO claim to California.
Two men are playing ping pong.
A little boy is playing a keyboard.
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
Train pulling into a station.
Kangaroo eating.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
US tourist gang-raped in northern India: Police
Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
Because the people had awakened.
Egypt: Child killed in Cairo clashes after pro-Morsi protest
A person is eating at a table.
What's your definition of nature?
Stop avoiding the question.
Egypt opposition mulls response to Morsi dialogue call
Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico
UN closes in on landmark arms treaty
the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
Saudi Man Traveling With Pressure Cooker Arrested
Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon
Belarus, Latvia to set up border commission
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
India voters kick off world‚Äôs biggest election
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
A man is playing a flute.
Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
An animal is walking.
A man is giving a lecture on a podium.
‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law
5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran
tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama. 
syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.
Militants stage Pakistan jailbreak
A man is slicing a pepper.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
A man is making a speech at the podium.
Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win
Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
Stars pay tribute to James Garner
"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
More expensive homes.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
A woman is slicing onions with a large knife.
Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks
Someone is slicing a cucumber.
South Korea reports seven new MERS cases
its not an official deployment.
A woman is applying eye liner.
6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests
At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
Smiling man with reflective classes.
A man is playing a flute.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float.
Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field
A person is peeling an eggplant.
Nigeria admits slow response in Ebola case
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture.
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
Someone is holding a hedgehog.
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
A woman is swimming.
Mali's President Formally Resigns
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
A person is slicing onions.
fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
The man is playing the drums.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes
A helicopter is landing on a helipad.
76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid
A woman is peeling a potato.
Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures. 
Syria urges refugees to return
A man is speaking at a podium.
Five killed in China building collapse
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
A man is lifting heavy weights.
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
A man puts vegetables into a pot.
a dog runs across the grass.
Afghan president delays signing US deal
That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents.
blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.
A man is folding paper.
It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
A woman riding a brown horse.
The turtle followed the fish.
A man is playing a piano.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
A man shoots a shotgun.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
Children play fight with swords.
Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal
Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests
A woman is deep frying food.
British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded
Runners compete in a race.
Syrian forces storm central town
It finished as a work of fiction.
A man is levitating.
A red double decker bus on a city street.
A dog swims after a tennis ball.
A man is slicing a tomato.
Toll from India building collapse hits 25
A woman is slicing an onion.
the problem isn't who has money.
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
The man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man.
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
His position is the way it is currently.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
A man and a woman are kissing each other.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership
Hong Kong stocks end higher
Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia. 
Canada train plot suspects reject charges
"Get the government into everything?"
A woman is cutting a potato.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
A man is slicing onion.
The man lifted barbells.
A man is playing a musical instrument.
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan
------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
A baby is playing a guitar.
Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013
A man an woman are dancing in the rain.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
A man is playing a guitar.
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal
Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Korea’s elite
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.
iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in 
Secret Service sex scandal 'regret'
Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
This breaks the daily record of  set in .
Russia condemns North Korean nuclear test
"Oh, you're such a good person!
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
Conmen dressed as women steal cash
A cat is playing on the floor.
20 killed, 44 injured in Philippine road accident
the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations.
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage
A man is rinsing a steak.
5 killed in Israeli air strikes in Gaza
officers have told me its bad for you.
A man does floor exercises.
The man used a chopper to chop the onion.
"We were seconds away from having that happen," Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
Thai bonds best in region
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
Couple get married in Britain's first Scientology wedding
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup
Taiwan's president charters plane to pay respects to Lee
A black dog running through water.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill
Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
A man and a woman are walking in the woods.
A man is dieing in an operating room.
Red double decker bus.
A man climbs up a rope.
Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze
US Senate approves fiscal cliff deal
Japan urges U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock
Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne to divorce
buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
A person is blow torching cameras.
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region. 
- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him.
goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security. 
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later
Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack
A new Cold War?
Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
"The figures are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
A man and a woman are riding on a bicycle.
Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by
Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ Quote: Ditto.
Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
A woman is frying a food.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
A woman is dancing.
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.
2 killed, 6 wounded in clashes in northern Lebanon
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
A dog is speaking to the camera.
A woman with a white horse.
A woman places two eggs into a pot of water.
A man drove his car.
Discipline against student thought to be key to motive
They know that the video doesn't show a gas chamber.
US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors
Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel
Sony to sell PC unit and cut jobs
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
Palestinian Shot by Israeli Police in East Jerusalem Dies
A man is cutting a boot with a sword.
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
Singapore shares open 0.28% lower on Thursday
Oscar Pistorius sentenced to 5 years in prison
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
A 32-count indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.
A man is drawing some figures.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday
Syria journalists rescue bid fails
Obama to sign up for Obamacare
A man is running.
A man and woman are riding a motorcycle.
I said YOU had gotten soft.
Philip leaves hospital after 11 days
mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general.
A cat is playing a piano.
I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
UN warns of plight of women, children in Syria's Homs
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016
Three teenage girls danced in the room.
A clown is singing and people are dancing.
'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz' Sentenced to Four Years in Prison
Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism
4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush
A man is running.
A woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
The man danced in the diner.
@Lustig Andrei, Lustig, agreed.
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
Man charged with murder in flat
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .
A man is crushing garlic with the back of a knife.
A man is riding a bike.
A dog runs through the grass.
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
6 killed, 12 injured in blast in NW Pakista
khoramabad is a city in western iran.
Edward Snowden's father in Moscow
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
The lady peeled the shrimp.
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
The monkey swung from branch to branch.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect.
A girl is playing a guitar.
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.
A man is playing the guitar.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
A dog leaping over a chain.
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?
So answer the question.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen
Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport
Commerce secretary to take leave of absence
A boy is trying to say firetruck.
A black dog jumps through the water.
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
Top Asian News at 2:30 p.m. GMT
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
A man seated is playing the cello.
Trayvon Martin could have been ...
Democracy has nothing to do with liberty.
A woman is playing the flute.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
A man is playing a guitar.
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
"Bright but scatterbrained" becomes "treat with drugs".
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan. 
A man is tying his shoe.
Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set
Two men standing on beach.
The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.
When an ally declines
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.
Warship sets sail for Falklands
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe
A man is showing a t shirt.
The man sat in his chair and stared.
At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
Earthquake death toll rises to 260
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
Napolitano elected for second term as Italy president
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
Mobster "Whitey" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years
Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
A woman is cutting a squash.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
A man is dancing.
Syrian forces launch new attacks
russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity.
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
Saudi Women To Protest Against Driving Ban
A clown is singing.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
A monkey is riding a bike.
Guineans Go to the Polls in Presidential Elections
A dog biting on a can.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS
Bianca Ojukwu becomes APGA national leader
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights they are crack ups.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
A dog running through the water.
The man is balancing on the wire.
A black horse is running around.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium. 
One dead in Ohio school shooting
A man is riding on one wheel on a motorcycle.
Funny, I thought the same thing about some math.
ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
spain currently holds the osce's presidency.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
Boy and girl running along the beach.
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
President Obama warns Russia to stay out of Ukraine
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side while on its back.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured
A girl is styling her hair.
Stansted: Ryanair reports 13% rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year
an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
Two U.S. soldiers killed in "insider" attack in Afghanistan
Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important.
four people sitting at a table.
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
A person is riding a horse.
Govt. to hold talks with FTII students
The man is playing the guitar.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves.
The comedic mimes performed on stage.
Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
Mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake Oklahoma City area
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
Snowden thanks Russia for asylum
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
Russia asks UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arms use
Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead
Two men are talking.
A truck is going down a hill.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies
A woman is cooking broccoli.
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
A man is drawing a picture.
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
The ladies are performing a dance.
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series
A dog is driving a car.
The dog played with a bug on the carpet.
A man is cutting a plantain.
A squirrel runs around in circles.
The man is playing the piano with his nose.
A man walking a large black horse.
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
"Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough," Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
India: Tear Gas Fired At Gang Rape Protesters
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir. 
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade
In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union. 
A woman is deveining shrimp.
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
A woman is cutting a red pepper.
A woman is dancing.
A man is swinging in a rope.
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
A man is putting anti-freeze into a car.
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking. 
UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria
Cone threw an  game.
No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
Cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid
Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
A woman is playing a flute on stage.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born.
Two dead, 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash
A man is spreading out dough.
California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress
the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons.
"They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."
Elementary Commodity-Capital Value-Form .
A woman fixes her hair.
Arsenal v Stoke City ‚Äď live!
A kid plays with a toy phone.
Matt Smith quits BBC’s Doctor Who
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
A man is draining pasta.
Sometimes I, too, fantasise about bending people before my demented will.
the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society.
The cat teased the dog by touching his head.
ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
Are you driving one?
A man is talking into a microphone.
U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza
A car is taking reverse.
Two women posing with a baby.
This is rich coming from a conservative.
US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
A man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle.
Someone is playing a keyboard.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues
Syria rebels leave besieged Homs
Police: Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter
The man sang on stage into the microphone.
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
A man and woman are talking.
You wanna know what I find curious?
EU jobless hits fresh record
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
A man is playing a piano.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
Specifically Gnostic.
EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal
GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?
A child and two dogs play in the water.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow
A man ties a noose.
Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
A car is driving down the road.
UN observers reach Syria massacre village
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal
A gun is being fired.
China Premier Li rejects 'groundless' US hacking accusations
Nigeria plane crash: No survivors
the cfe treaty was established in 1990. 
A sheep standing near her children.
Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
Rallies demand 'Justice for Trayvon'
North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
A boy is making some dance steps.
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
If your stick hits a guy in the face, you're getting a penalty.
Iran's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
China stocks close lower on Thursday
Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad
The monkey is hanging from the trees.
A woman is eating meat.
It still makes no sense.
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders. 
How much is spent on abortions services?
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
sheep standing in afield.
Someone is pouring oil into a skillet.
Pictures of the day: 11 April 2013
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
the center will be operational in august 2008. 
NYPD's twitter campaign backfires
Costa Concordia survivors detail experience one year later
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
What we know so far about chemical weapons in Syria's civil war
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
Stocks to watch at close on Monday
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
The covert war in Pakistan
The two men did a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex
Thai army declares martial law
The men are playing basketball.
17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings
Blitzbokke beaten by NZ
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
Poland president loses to challenger
50 survivors found in Bangladesh factory
Helicopter crashes in London
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Someoen is playing guitar.
Two men compete in a tire rolling race.
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
A woman is handling a frog.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke.
French presidential election: first round - live updates
Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
A black train moves down the tracks.
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids
Death toll in Syria now tops 100,000
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
Stomach bug to cause ailing Nadal to miss Australian Open
A man is riding a motorcycle through a town.
Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling
And I don't fight for marriage.
Russia 'alone' in blaming Syrian rebels for chemical attack: US
A man is eating a banana.
Manning Sentenced to 35 Years for Leaking Government Secrets
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
State Dept security chief resigns after Benghazi
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area
Florida counties extend early voting
US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown
A man is adding oil to car.
A train is at a train station.
A man is playing guitar.
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
A man guts a fish.
Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
Two Australians killed in Kenya after bus crashed into river
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
Egypt's main opposition rejects president's call for dialogue
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
Woman killed by falling debris
Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
UK 'concern' over Hong Kong protests
Israel releases 26 more Palestinian prisoners
US stocks open higher despite GDP miss
At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition
Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act
A large boat in the water at the marina.
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
Clinton ready to fight for Obama
A woman is slicing a leek.
Qatari emir hands power to son Tamim
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
Turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest
Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
A dog is barking at a ball.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
27 killed in attacks across Iraq
EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms
Search leader urges caution in findings related to missing Malaysian jetliner
"Opinionated and stubborn" becomes treat with drugs".
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.
A rider is running and jumping her horse.
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
US soldier ‘doesn’t recall massacre’
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula. 
Man playing game in a store.
Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30
A person pours some rice pudding into a bowl.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
We think they have the right to choose.
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave
More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion
The women are feeding the animal.
Destruction of Syria's chemical weapons begins
Originally posted by Vitchilo March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
A brown dog in running on grass.
the cfe is very important for european security. 
Three dogs are running in a field.
Who does it now only produce enough for  billion?
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital
Greece reaches agreement with troika, bailout tranche expected within days
North Korea blocks Kaesong access
Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
get a cooling trend from  because of the recent decline.
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013
The man erased the work on the board.
Three dogs run in the snow.
Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say
A women slicing lemons.
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
"We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story."
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks
KLCI Futures traded mixed at mid-day
Why did that transaction take place.
Dozens killed in Nigerian riots
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.
general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans
British gold rush silences gripes over cost
ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, throw stones
Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum
South Korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into North
Capital gains, top rate:  percent.
Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20
UN chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in Guinea
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
Egyptian court considers Mubarak‚Äôs release
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
Homs mortar fire kills 105
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
Committee nears final big immigration decisions
The white dog is running along the beach.
Four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
Someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot.
A man is playing the guitar.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
A man is cleaning the house.
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
Women models are walking down a catwalk.
Head of CIA resigns over affair
A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is playing the guitar.
Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital, power crisis continues in Seemandhra
Texas hospital worker tests positive for Ebola
A man is playing a flute.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
A woman is brushing some shrimp.
Mugabe declared winner of disputed elections
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94
Two boys are playing a video game.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8
China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD
Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers
NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan
NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack
Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe
A man is playing flute.
NKorea executes Kim Jong Un' uncle
A dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back.
Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talks about filming a Lance Armstrong biopic
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
A puppy running along a street.
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
Two people are riding a bike.
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan
China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
you don't use the search button AT ALL, do you?
A woman is chopping broccoli.
Meteorite hits central Russia, more than 500 people hurt
EU finance ministers‚Äô talks b...
What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013
The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black.
President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast
Former first lady Barbara Bush leaves hospital
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza
Gunman may have filmed school massacre
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
A woman is dancing.
russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises.
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did.
Two women are sitting close to each other and talking.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge.
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.
Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer
@Cyracuz, What you want to call it is up to you.
A woman is riding a horse.
the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran. 
A boy is playing guitar.
Polls open in Russian presidential election
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
A panda bear is laying down.
Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
A small child smiling at the camera.
A person is cutting  boiled egg into pieces.
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
Pakistan protests ceasefire violations by India
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo.
No, I show you are willfully ignorant.
Singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
A group of people sing.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
Crocodile victim's body recovered
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
A boy is playing the piano.
Two women sheering a sheep.
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday.
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
A dog is rolling from side to side.
A man walks two dogs in the city.
Egyptian court considers Mubarak’s release
Syria peace plan conditions “unacceptable,” opposition says
When Christians are extreme its just simply religion.
Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday
Vinnie Jones reveals cancer battle new
A man is using a laptop.
'5 snowboarders killed in Colorado avalanche'
May Housing Starts Up 6.8%
I'll Have Another retired to stud
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
A woman is cutting big pepper.
A woman is playing a guitar.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
NATO says four troops killed in "insider" attack in Afghan south
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims
Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns
Heavy fighting reported in Damascus
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
South Korea reports 14th Mers death, 12 new cases
Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval
Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.
Peru protesters clash with police
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.
Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
A man is spreading butter onto bread.
It is an excellent indicator of climate change.
He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
Penn State football players react to sanctions
A woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces.
A man is dicing an onion.
Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany
A woman is brushing her feet.
37 killed in bus crash in Italy
China on high alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
The man played his guitar with a friend.
A monkey is brushing a bull dog.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs
Mandela's family thanks nation and world for support
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
Gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in Nigeria
A squirrel runs in circles.
Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial
Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed
Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
a white dog running in the snow
A dog is pulling a child down a hill.
"Our fundamental values haven't changed," Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
Egyptians Vote On New Constitution
Mayday: fears for asylum seekers
So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim.
two puppies playing around in the grass
9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement
Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
A man is screaming.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
France's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
A dog is licking a baby.
A cat is drinking some water.
Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks
not well Alright just got in.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63
Thieves snatch English Channel swimmer's custom-made wheelchair
Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands
The bird is sitting on the branch.
Medics transport a patient on a stretcher.
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim
Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory
Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
Those are partial psychopaths.
The baby crawled through the doorway.
India allows Pakistan investment
US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital
dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s. 
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
Brazil tied 2-2 by England as Maracana re-opens
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international. 
Tunisia lifts curfew after riots
A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.
US waives riders for Pak aid
A woman is slicing a tomato.
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
A man is playing a guitar.
Spain turning back the clock on siestas
Originally Posted by IZZY!
the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states. 
Neander's revised version"?
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes. 
Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill
"Elves don't exist" - fine.
A man is swimming.
Syria says troops have begun pullout – video
Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
A white plane on the runway.
Obama: Congress, world credibility on line
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
U.N. rights chief presses Egypt on Mursi detention
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
Two women in a clothing store.
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
S Korea bus station fire kills seven
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it's back.
South Africa police shot dead 30 miners
The missile exploded.
You need to polish up on your logic skills.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
Communist rebels ambush Philippine police, kill 7
Iranian president makes debut on world stage
A group of sheep in a field.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
myanmar was formerly called burma.
Tell us what the charges were.
Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
A man is slicing potato.
Someone is slicing a tomato.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
A man is spreading butter on a tortilla.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
Queen names giant aircraft carrier
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
Stars pay tribute to James Garner
Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO
You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest
I think you need to reread what I wrote.
A soccer player scores a goal.
A man is traveling in a boat.
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
No extortion, no bribery, no money involved He's asking for money for his vote.
A boy is pouring something from a pitcher.
SUBJECTIVE DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB INCREASED TO  KT.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
A man stands in front of a train.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe. 
18 trapped in Russian coal mine blast
N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident
He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
The men are talking.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
In fact, it's just the Dutch.
UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
Or the  year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers.
brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers. 
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
Two dogs in snow.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 27
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.
Sri Lanka's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy
A woman is taking a bath.
How would the extra premiums be collected?
A man is diving into a pool.
FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv
God definately does not exist.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
Iranian minister blames West for failed nuke talks
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
I am moving on to ask you the question: " Where ' s the beef " ?
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii. 
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
A woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd.
A man is riding a bike.
A woman is getting doused in green slime.
A man is drawing some figures.
the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems.
Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
He hasn't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show.
Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
Police seek gunmen in New Orleans Mother's Day parade shooting
I haven't made any claims.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
The man sprinkled cheese on the pizza.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue. 
Strong earthquake hits Mexico
A woman is slipping in the water-tub.
A man is carrying another man.
Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle
A woman is slicing an onion.
A monkey is walking on a bed.
the problem isn't who has money.
It's not how it was sold, gb.
Did anyone see the footage of this?
Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
The man is seasoning the sausages.
Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs
south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s.
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
"The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals," the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
Is it legal to grow?
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
You don't know if those factors account for the warming, or not.
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed
Ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year
A deer jumping over a fence.
Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking
A man is riding a motorcycle.
Relief in Boston as second suspect captured
Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
Chinese president meets Indian vice president
Former CIA officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak
US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term
A woman is slicing a tomato.
Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack
paris is the capital of france.
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
Two baby pandas are playing.
Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
A woman is dancing in the street.
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election
US House Republicans eye reluctant Ryan for speaker
A living room with a dining table in the background.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave
A big cat opens a plastic drawer with his paws and then hops inside.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
Gunmen ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
No, none of those factors account for the recent warming.
Five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in Egypt
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan
Chinese court upholds death penalties for Mekong murderers
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim
Someone is slicing a onion.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian ‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star was 31
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
The person lit the cameras on fire.
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia
Nadal tumbles into French Open final
Three dogs playing in the snow.
Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
A boy is playing with a toy.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
China disagrees with U.S. sanctions program on overseas cyber attackers
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
A train on the train tracks.
government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country. 
china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council. 
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
Israeli security forces arrest 8 Palestinians in overnight West Bank sweeps
Police surround protesters in Belfast ahead of G8
A man is mixing.
The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites.
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
A person is slicing a scallop.
South Africa mine clash kills at least 30
A woman is cutting scallions.
claims about trayvon's character And when did I do that?
Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat
A man is playing the piano.
Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty
Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian.
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society. 
Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder
A person is cutting mushrooms.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
a boat moving in a river.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels
A woman is riding a horse.
Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting
EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions
A girl riding a brown horse.
Your misogyny is getting messy.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea
A large sheep standing on a hill.
A man is exercising.
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic.
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
Ban to review Syria chemical arms accord
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
Fish are swimming.
Sex attack on woman investigated
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty. 
I repeat: And the simple fact today?
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
A man rides a large black motorbike.
UN court convicts 6 Bosnian Croats of atrocities
Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast
Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry. 
Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship
GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels
The little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail.
Four dogs playing in the snow.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
The man is playing the guitar.
A cow is eating hay.
I can't believe she is asking YOU to ask the helpful party guest for money!
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
A man is riding a horse.
Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget
White House backs gay marriage
A little girl is playing the piano.
YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
Lower than  per cent but not very low.
Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
The physical evidence does not support your claim.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.
A wallaby is licking a woman's hand.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
A woman shoots a shotgun.
Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets
N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles
India anti-graft party takes charge in New Delhi
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June
Pakistan-UN report reveals alarming levels of drug use
The man is eating cereal.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
Police converge on street in search for Boston bomb suspect
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
A man drives a car.
6 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
A man is talking.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
It's not the same thing.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
A white dog running on sand.
A person is cutting an onion.
Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
Pak army adamant on fighting the other Taleban
Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
That's simple logic If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
More than 70 dead in clashes at Morsi rallies in Egypt
17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
A woman is slicing potatoes.
Are you driving one?
A man is chopping coriander leaf.
Philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal'
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
Faction Names Bianca Ojukwu APGA National Leader
A small child smiling at the camera.
Miss New York wins Miss America crown
Britain reaches out to Syria opposition
Man sets himself on fire at Washington's National Mall
Security tightened at New Delhi churches after attacks
Two dogs play in a field.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
@Lustig Andrei, Thank you, Lustig.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
Hollande wins French presidential election
US Air Force helicopter crew killed in British crash
A woman is dancing to music standing near a bonfire.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
Philippe ascends throne of divided Belgium
First post office savings bank ATM opens in Chennai
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
What the Pope's butler saw – aide arrested over Vatican leaks
A boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod.
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
Regulation get the government into everything.
What isn't how what was sold?
At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes
New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday
Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas
Car Bomb Wounds 15 in Hezbollah Stronghold in Lebanon
Iranian President praises nuclear deal
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast
Why are Russians in Damascus?
Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
A man gets knocked off of a horse.
Someone is feeding a animal.
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
A woman is peeling garlic.
5 people buried in Colorado avalanche
Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116
You need to make up your mind.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
A WAR in the middle east.
A lion is playing with people.
Purge sends chilling message to North Korea's elite
The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married.
these human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child
 warmed.C from the year prior.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
A man puts some cheese on a pizza.
Sewol ferry crew faces trial
Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
Iraq violence kills 11
Indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies
Benedict comes home to new house and new Pope
a black and white cow in hay.
Two dogs play in the grass.
"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.
Let's let this play out in court.
S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory
A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
Asian shares rally after string of upbeat data
Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce
A dog is playing in the snow.
Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll
The man spread butter on the loaf of bread.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
UN votes to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons
Two large dogs running in some grass.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Do you not understand what that string of words means?
A man plays a guitar.
wait until they become more consistent and closer together.
The man drew on the white paper.
France urges EU to be united on Syria
Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India
A woman cuts a pineapple.
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
Fight for Mali Town Reflects Islamist Tactics
A woman is dancing and singing with other women.
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs
Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes
Appropriate deferments for the time, eh?
Typhoon Fitow slams into southeastern China
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
Child sliding in the snow.
russia is a member of the nsg.
Death toll rises to 29 in India's Mumbai building collapse
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
A train is running on the tracks.
A dog is running around a yard.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
A boy whacks a man with a sword.
Fiscal cliff: House delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live
6.8 quake strikes off Solomon Islands
A group of people eat at a table outside.
A person peels shrimp.
A man is playing a guitar and singing.
Egyptians go to polls in historic election
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY
G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'
A man is dancing on the road.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
The tortoise is walking.
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them.
David Cameron: Andy Murray deserves a knighthood
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
A woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
Chuck I'd offer Iran a deal.
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'
A boy is riding a bike on a gate.
Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
A man plays the flute.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153
A man plays the drum.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
Philippines holds second senator over corruption
Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal.
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials
Slutstamp! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly.
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
A young boy sings and plays a guitar.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2
A young girl is using sign language.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009.
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
A woman is riding a seadoo.
Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
"We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place," he said.
Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines
A woman is smoking.
A woman feeds an animal by hand.
Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
Former Zambian president arrested
The little girl rode a horse.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
British stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap
Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security.
The Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
Afghan president approves new electon law
NM County Prepares for Same-Sex Marriages Hearing
Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes
A woman is cutting flowers.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
A woman is cutting vegetable.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
Militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest Pakistan
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts
alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract. 
A man is dicing an onion.
Armstrong standing down from Livestrong
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
Fundimental difference, please?
Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir
ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home.
Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border
Syrian rebel groups battle each other in north
South Africa Admits Mistake Over 'Schizophrenic' Mandela Signer
A man rode a mechanical bull.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
Rodney King death ruled accidental
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India
Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali
Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right.
Woolly sheep at auction house.
Hard-line Jewish leader shot in Jerusalem
A woman is riding a horse on a beach.
Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century
Well, whatever, you're aware of it now.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba
BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers
A person is cutting an onion into pieces.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven.
Alleged cop killer died from shot to head
A boy plays baseball.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks
US man recovers car 42 years after theft
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
A man is cutting an onion.
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
Two dogs running through a field.
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
Sierra Leone in Ebola lockdown
Ten killed in new blast in Russia
Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box
The man is shooting an automatic rifle.
Of course there were no weapons.
Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
Mexico swears in president amid violent protests
Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church
South Africa admits possible 'mistake' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial
Women are talking.
Google 'are playing international tax game'
the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets. 
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator
A woman is scraping a carrot.
Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today.
Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far.
Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France
Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car.
Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police
Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood
A girl is eating a cupcake.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
A man and woman walking hold each other.
Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD
Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
Menendez faces possible corruption charges
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
I've never accused him of over-milligraming, nothing.
Gains in financial stocks push up European equities
Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59
Pakistan court demands 'blasphemy' rampage answers
Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
A man is playing a piano.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
The man is playing the violin.
US military presence in East Asia
Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy.
How about some testimonies from real health experts?
capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests
A woman is riding an elephant.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention
UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash
Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years
naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin. 
Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
French election turnout higher than expected
Car bomb rocks Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon
Equatoguineans vote in legislative polls
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia. 
David Beckham Retires From Football
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor
Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A cat stares into the camera.
A man plays a trumpet.
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment. 
US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion
A group of girls on a beach.
Israel unveils plans for new settler homes
Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion
To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution.
Two men are fighting.
Hagel laments "political" changes to US defence budget
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
Pakistan releases seven Afghan Taliban fighters
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch.
A man is playing keyboard.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
A woman is slicing a pumpkin.
the meetings lasted 2 days. 
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A women slicing green pepper.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
The deer jumped over the fence.
Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start
Andy Murray deserves knighthood, David Cameron says
Someone is sewing things.
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary
A man and a woman kiss.
the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member
A man pours oil on some tomatos.
Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands
French-led troops close in on Timbuktu
UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons
the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years. 
Bedouin release two Britons seized in Egypt's Sinai
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
US makes case for action against Syria
A person is slicing a tomato.
A man and woman dance.
A man is talking.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
The man took off his sunglasses while talking.
NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
A man is feeding a mice to a snake.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
Searchers hoping pings come from lost Malaysian airliner
Hong Kong officials resume work as protests thin
Intel's McAfee Buys Cloud-Based, Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft For $389M In Cash
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006. 
Three women are dancing.
Factbox: What to look for in Obama's State of the Union speech
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
I am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
A red double decker bus on a city street.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline
If so, state that is why they're not true.
Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!
The black dog is running through the snow.
Indonesia: Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize
A video clip of Rihanna leaving a taxi.
Tunisia opposition leader slain; protests erupt
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
South Africa president: Mandela is improving
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
The dog is running on grass.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations.
Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
A man is riding a horse and jumping over obstacles.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substance
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
Kids play soccer on a field.
Three killed in horror crash are named
Thousands protest gay marriage in France
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
A woman is stroking a lemur.
UN Security Council hears Yemen envoy's final ...
Someone is slicing tortila's.
Two women are hugging on a couch.
Capello quits as England manager
Ive watched kids play.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.
Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq
People sitting on the porch.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes.
A brown horse in a green field.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
Spain asks for bank rescue
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
A man is climbing a rope.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Man standing in front of silver train.
CCTV of gunmen in Tunisia museum attack
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
A man is emptying a plastic container.
The woman is putting paste into a dish.
Yes, it's legal to grow.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
A woman is playing guitar.
Destruction of Syria's Chemical Weapons Could Prove Difficult
China's generous 1MDB bid seen reaping it big returns in Malaysia
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
1 dead, 39 injured in E China road accident
Train going down the tracks.
Originally Posted by jacko!
A solenodon is walking along the ground.
Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right.
A man is buttering bread.
Britain summons Israeli envoy over settlements
Top Asian News 8:39 a.m. GMT
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect
A woman is adding spices on a meat.
A woman is slicing up some meat.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel
Implications of Palestinian reconciliation
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
Sarkozy announces re-election bid
A man is cutting a fish.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A woman is carrying a kangaroo.
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema?
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty. 
A man is playing guitar.
A lion is playing with two men.
a group of old men walking down the street
Two little girls talk on the telephone.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
A kid is playing an instrument.
Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
Five charged with terrorism offences
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
